




THE WRITING ON THE WALL




Whats going on here Whats going on

Attracted no doubt by Malfoys shout Argus Filch came shouldering his way through the crowd. Then he saw Mrs. Norris and fell back clutching his face in horror.

My cat My cat Whats happened to Mrs. Norris he shrieked.

And his popping eyes fell on Harry.

You he screeched. You Youve murdered my cat Youve killed her Ill kill you Ill —

Argus

Dumbledore had arrived on the scene followed by a number of other teachers. In seconds he had swept past Harry Ron and Hermione and detached Mrs. Norris from the torch bracket.

Come with me Argus he said to Filch. You too Mr. Potter Mr. Weasley Miss Granger.

Lockhart stepped forward eagerly.

My office is nearest Headmaster — just upstairs — please feel free —

Thank you Gilderoy said Dumbledore.

The silent crowd parted to let them pass. Lockhart looking excited and important hurried after Dumbledore; so did Professors McGonagall and Snape.

As they entered Lockharts darkened office there was a flurry of movement across the walls; Harry saw several of the Lockharts in the pictures dodging out of sight their hair in rollers. The real Lockhart lit the candles on his desk and stood back. Dumbledore laid Mrs. Norris on the polished surface and began to examine her. Harry Ron and Hermione exchanged tense looks and sank into chairs outside the pool of candlelight watching.

The tip of Dumbledores long crooked nose was barely an inch from Mrs. Norriss fur. He was looking at her closely through his half-moon spectacles his long fingers gently prodding and poking. Professor McGonagall was bent almost as close her eyes narrowed. Snape loomed behind them half in shadow wearing a most peculiar expression: It was as though he was trying hard not to smile. And Lockhart was hovering around all of them making suggestions.

It was definitely a curse that killed her — probably the Transmogrifian Torture — Ive seen it used many times so unlucky I wasnt there I know the very countercurse that would have saved her. . . .

Lockharts comments were punctuated by Filchs dry racking sobs. He was slumped in a chair by the desk unable to look at Mrs. Norris his face in his hands. Much as he detested Filch Harry couldnt help feeling a bit sorry for him though not nearly as sorry as he felt for himself. If Dumbledore believed Filch he would be expelled for sure.

Dumbledore was now muttering strange words under his breath and tapping Mrs. Norris with his wand but nothing happened: She continued to look as though she had been recently stuffed.

. . . I remember something very similar happening in Ouagadogou said Lockhart a series of attacks the full storys in my autobiography I was able to provide the townsfolk with various amulets which cleared the matter up at once. . . .

The photographs of Lockhart on the walls were all nodding in agreement as he talked. One of them had forgotten to remove his hair net.

At last Dumbledore straightened up.

Shes not dead Argus he said softly.

Lockhart stopped abruptly in the middle of counting the number of murders he had prevented.

Not dead choked Filch looking through his fingers at Mrs. Norris. But whys she all — all stiff and frozen

She has been Petrified said Dumbledore (Ah I thought so said Lockhart). But how I cannot say. . . .

Ask him shrieked Filch turning his blotched and tearstained face to Harry.

No second year could have done this said Dumbledore firmly. It would take Dark Magic of the most advanced —

He did it he did it Filch spat his pouchy face purpling. You saw what he wrote on the wall He found — in my office — he knows Im a — Im a — Filchs face worked horribly. He knows Im a Squib he finished.

I never touched Mrs. Norris Harry said loudly uncomfortably aware of everyone looking at him including all the Lockharts on the walls. And I dont even know what a Squib is.

Rubbish snarled Filch. He saw my Kwikspell letter

If I might speak Headmaster said Snape from the shadows and Harrys sense of foreboding increased; he was sure nothing Snape had to say was going to do him any good.

Potter and his friends may have simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time he said a slight sneer curling his mouth as though he doubted it. But we do have a set of suspicious circumstances here. Why was he in the upstairs corridor at all Why wasnt he at the Halloween feast

Harry Ron and Hermione all launched into an explanation about the deathday party. . . . there were hundreds of ghosts theyll tell you we were there —

But why not join the feast afterward said Snape his black eyes glittering in the candlelight. Why go up to that corridor

Ron and Hermione looked at Harry.

Because — because — Harry said his heart thumping very fast; something told him it would sound very far-fetched if he told them he had been led there by a bodiless voice no one but he could hear because we were tired and wanted to go to bed he said.

Without any supper said Snape a triumphant smile flickering across his gaunt face. I didnt think ghosts provided food fit for living people at their parties.

We werent hungry said Ron loudly as his stomach gave a huge rumble.

Snapes nasty smile widened.

I suggest Headmaster that Potter is not being entirely truthful he said. It might be a good idea if he were deprived of certain privileges until he is ready to tell us the whole story. I personally feel he should be taken off the Gryffindor Quidditch team until he is ready to be honest.

Really Severus said Professor McGonagall sharply I see no reason to stop the boy playing Quidditch. This cat wasnt hit over the head with a broomstick. There is no evidence at all that Potter has done anything wrong.

Dumbledore was giving Harry a searching look. His twinkling light-blue gaze made Harry feel as though he were being X-rayed.

Innocent until proven guilty Severus he said firmly.

Snape looked furious. So did Filch.

My cat has been Petrified he shrieked his eyes popping. I want to see some punishment

We will be able to cure her Argus said Dumbledore patiently. Professor Sprout recently managed to procure some Mandrakes. As soon as they have reached their full size I will have a potion made that will revive Mrs. Norris.

Ill make it Lockhart butted in. I must have done it a hundred times. I could whip up a Mandrake Restorative Draught in my sleep —

Excuse me said Snape icily. But I believe I am the Potions master at this school.

There was a very awkward pause.

You may go Dumbledore said to Harry Ron and Hermione.

They went as quickly as they could without actually running. When they were a floor up from Lockharts office they turned into an empty classroom and closed the door quietly behind them. Harry squinted at his friends darkened faces.

Dyou think I should have told them about that voice I heard

No said Ron without hesitation. Hearing voices no one else can hear isnt a good sign even in the Wizarding world.

Something in Rons voice made Harry ask You do believe me dont you

Course I do said Ron quickly. But — you must admit its weird. . . .

I know its weird said Harry. The whole things weird. What was that writing on the wall about The Chamber Has Been Opened. . . . Whats that supposed to mean

You know it rings a sort of bell said Ron slowly. I think someone told me a story about a secret chamber at Hogwarts once . . . mightve been Bill. . . .

And what on earths a Squib said Harry.

To his surprise Ron stifled a snigger.

Well — its not funny really — but as its Filch he said. A Squib is someone who was born into a Wizarding family but hasnt got any magic powers. Kind of the opposite of Muggle-born wizards but Squibs are quite unusual. If Filchs trying to learn magic from a Kwikspell course I reckon he must be a Squib. It would explain a lot. Like why he hates students so much. Ron gave a satisfied smile. Hes bitter.

A clock chimed somewhere.

Midnight said Harry. Wed better get to bed before Snape comes along and tries to frame us for something else.

For a few days the school could talk of little else but the attack on Mrs. Norris. Filch kept it fresh in everyones minds by pacing the spot where she had been attacked as though he thought the attacker might come back. Harry had seen him scrubbing the message on the wall with Mrs. Skowers All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover but to no effect; the words still gleamed as brightly as ever on the stone. When Filch wasnt guarding the scene of the crime he was skulking red-eyed through the corridors lunging out at unsuspecting students and trying to put them in detention for things like breathing loudly and looking happy.

Ginny Weasley seemed very disturbed by Mrs. Norriss fate. According to Ron she was a great cat lover.

But you havent really got to know Mrs. Norris Ron told her bracingly. Honestly were much better off without her. Ginnys lip trembled. Stuff like this doesnt often happen at Hogwarts Ron assured her. Theyll catch the maniac who did it and have him out of here in no time. I just hope hes got time to Petrify Filch before hes expelled. Im only joking — Ron added hastily as Ginny blanched.

The attack had also had an effect on Hermione. It was quite usual for Hermione to spend a lot of time reading but she was now doing almost nothing else. Nor could Harry and Ron get much response from her when they asked what she was up to and not until the following Wednesday did they find out.

Harry had been held back in Potions where Snape had made him stay behind to scrape tubeworms off the desks. After a hurried lunch he went upstairs to meet Ron in the library and saw Justin Finch-Fletchley the Hufflepuff boy from Herbology coming toward him. Harry had just opened his mouth to say hello when Justin caught sight of him turned abruptly and sped off in the opposite direction.

Harry found Ron at the back of the library measuring his History of Magic homework. Professor Binns had asked for a three-foot-long composition on The Medieval Assembly of European Wizards.

I dont believe it Im still eight inches short. . . . said Ron furiously letting go of his parchment which sprang back into a roll. And Hermiones done four feet seven inches and her writings tiny.

Where is she asked Harry grabbing the tape measure and unrolling his own homework.

Somewhere over there said Ron pointing along the shelves. Looking for another book. I think shes trying to read the whole library before Christmas.

Harry told Ron about Justin Finch-Fletchley running away from him.

Dunno why you care. I thought he was a bit of an idiot said Ron scribbling away making his writing as large as possible. All that junk about Lockhart being so great —

Hermione emerged from between the bookshelves. She looked irritable and at last seemed ready to talk to them.

All the copies of Hogwarts: A History have been taken out she said sitting down next to Harry and Ron. And theres a two-week waiting list. I wish I hadnt left my copy at home but I couldnt fit it in my trunk with all the Lockhart books.

Why do you want it said Harry.

The same reason everyone else wants it said Hermione to read up on the legend of the Chamber of Secrets.

Whats that said Harry quickly.

Thats just it. I cant remember said Hermione biting her lip. And I cant find the story anywhere else —

Hermione let me read your composition said Ron desperately checking his watch.

No I wont said Hermione suddenly severe. Youve had ten days to finish it —

I only need another two inches come on —

The bell rang. Ron and Hermione led the way to History of Magic bickering.

History of Magic was the dullest subject on their schedule. Professor Binns who taught it was their only ghost teacher and the most exciting thing that ever happened in his classes was his entering the room through the blackboard. Ancient and shriveled many people said he hadnt noticed he was dead. He had simply got up to teach one day and left his body behind him in an armchair in front of the staffroom fire; his routine had not varied in the slightest since.

Today was as boring as ever. Professor Binns opened his notes and began to read in a flat drone like an old vacuum cleaner until nearly everyone in the class was in a deep stupor occasionally coming to long enough to copy down a name or date then falling asleep again. He had been speaking for half an hour when something happened that had never happened before. Hermione put up her hand.

Professor Binns glancing up in the middle of a deadly dull lecture on the International Warlock Convention of 1289 looked amazed.

Miss — er — 

Granger Professor. I was wondering if you could tell us anything about the Chamber of Secrets said Hermione in a clear voice.

Dean Thomas who had been sitting with his mouth hanging open gazing out of the window jerked out of his trance; Lavender Browns head came up off her arms and Neville Longbottoms elbow slipped off his desk.

Professor Binns blinked.

My subject is History of Magic he said in his dry wheezy voice. I deal with facts Miss Granger not myths and legends. He cleared his throat with a small noise like chalk snapping and continued In September of that year a subcommittee of Sardinian sorcerers —

He stuttered to a halt. Hermiones hand was waving in the air again.

Miss Grant

Please sir dont legends always have a basis in fact

Professor Binns was looking at her in such amazement Harry was sure no student had ever interrupted him before alive or dead.

Well said Professor Binns slowly yes one could argue that I suppose. He peered at Hermione as though he had never seen a student properly before. However the legend of which you speak is such a very sensational even ludicrous tale —

But the whole class was now hanging on Professor Binnss every word. He looked dimly at them all every face turned to his. Harry could tell he was completely thrown by such an unusual show of interest.

Oh very well he said slowly. Let me see . . . the Chamber of Secrets . . .

You all know of course that Hogwarts was founded over a thousand years ago — the precise date is uncertain — by the four greatest witches and wizards of the age. The four school Houses are named after them: Godric Gryffindor Helga Hufflepuff Rowena Ravenclaw and Salazar Slytherin. They built this castle together far from prying Muggle eyes for it was an age when magic was feared by common people and witches and wizards suffered much persecution.

He paused gazed blearily around the room and continued.

For a few years the founders worked in harmony together seeking out youngsters who showed signs of magic and bringing them to the castle to be educated. But then disagreements sprang up between them. A rift began to grow between Slytherin and the others. Slytherin wished to be more selective about the students admitted to Hogwarts. He believed that magical learning should be kept within all-magic families. He disliked taking students of Muggle parentage believing them to be untrustworthy. After a while there was a serious argument on the subject between Slytherin and Gryffindor and Slytherin left the school.

Professor Binns paused again pursing his lips looking like a wrinkled old tortoise.

Reliable historical sources tell us this much he said. But these honest facts have been obscured by the fanciful legend of the Chamber of Secrets. The story goes that Slytherin had built a hidden chamber in the castle of which the other founders knew nothing.

Slytherin according to the legend sealed the Chamber of Secrets so that none would be able to open it until his own true heir arrived at the school. The heir alone would be able to unseal the Chamber of Secrets unleash the horror within and use it to purge the school of all who were unworthy to study magic.

There was silence as he finished telling the story but it wasnt the usual sleepy silence that filled Professor Binnss classes. There was unease in the air as everyone continued to watch him hoping for more. Professor Binns looked faintly annoyed.

The whole thing is arrant nonsense of course he said. Naturally the school has been searched for evidence of such a chamber many times by the most learned witches and wizards. It does not exist. A tale told to frighten the gullible.

Hermiones hand was back in the air.

Sir — what exactly do you mean by the ‘horror within the Chamber

That is believed to be some sort of monster which the Heir of Slytherin alone can control said Professor Binns in his dry reedy voice.

The class exchanged nervous looks.

I tell you the thing does not exist said Professor Binns shuffling his notes. There is no Chamber and no monster.

But sir said Seamus Finnigan if the Chamber can only be opened by Slytherins true heir no one else would be able to find it would they

Nonsense OFlaherty said Professor Binns in an aggravated tone. If a long succession of Hogwarts headmasters and headmistresses havent found the thing —

But Professor piped up Parvati Patil youd probably have to use Dark Magic to open it —

Just because a wizard doesnt use Dark Magic doesnt mean he cant Miss Pennyfeather snapped Professor Binns. I repeat if the likes of Dumbledore —

But maybe youve got to be related to Slytherin so Dumbledore couldnt — began Dean Thomas but Professor Binns had had enough.

That will do he said sharply. It is a myth It does not exist There is not a shred of evidence that Slytherin ever built so much as a secret broom cupboard I regret telling you such a foolish story We will return if you please to history to solid believable verifiable fact

And within five minutes the class had sunk back into its usual torpor.

I always knew Salazar Slytherin was a twisted old loony Ron told Harry and Hermione as they fought their way through the teeming corridors at the end of the lesson to drop off their bags before dinner. But I never knew he started all this pure-blood stuff. I wouldnt be in his House if you paid me. Honestly if the Sorting Hat had tried to put me in Slytherin Idve got the train straight back home. . . .

Hermione nodded fervently but Harry didnt say anything. His stomach had just dropped unpleasantly.

Harry had never told Ron and Hermione that the Sorting Hat had seriously considered putting him in Slytherin. He could remember as though it were yesterday the small voice that had spoken in his ear when hed placed the hat on his head a year before: You could be great you know its all here in your head and Slytherin would help you on the way to greatness no doubt about that. . . .

But Harry who had already heard of Slytherin Houses reputation for turning out Dark wizards had thought desperately Not Slytherin and the hat had said Oh well if youre sure . . . better be Gryffindor. . . .

As they were shunted along in the throng Colin Creevey went past.

Hiya Harry

Hullo Colin said Harry automatically.

Harry — Harry — a boy in my class has been saying youre —

But Colin was so small he couldnt fight against the tide of people bearing him toward the Great Hall; they heard him squeak See you Harry and he was gone.

Whats a boy in his class saying about you Hermione wondered.

That Im Slytherins heir I expect said Harry his stomach dropping another inch or so as he suddenly remembered the way Justin Finch-Fletchley had run away from him at lunchtime.

People herell believe anything said Ron in disgust.

The crowd thinned and they were able to climb the next staircase without difficulty.

Dyou really think theres a Chamber of Secrets Ron asked Hermione.

I dont know she said frowning. Dumbledore couldnt cure Mrs. Norris and that makes me think that whatever attacked her might not be — well — human.

As she spoke they turned a corner and found themselves at the end of the very corridor where the attack had happened. They stopped and looked. The scene was just as it had been that night except that there was no stiff cat hanging from the torch bracket and an empty chair stood against the wall bearing the message The Chamber of Secrets Has Been Opened.

Thats where Filch has been keeping guard Ron muttered.

They looked at each other. The corridor was deserted.

Cant hurt to have a poke around said Harry dropping his bag and getting to his hands and knees so that he could crawl along searching for clues.

Scorch marks he said. Here — and here —

Come and look at this said Hermione. This is funny. . . .

Harry got up and crossed to the window next to the message on the wall. Hermione was pointing at the topmost pane where around twenty spiders were scuttling apparently fighting to get through a small crack. A long silvery thread was dangling like a rope as though they had all climbed it in their hurry to get outside.

Have you ever seen spiders act like that said Hermione wonderingly.

No said Harry have you Ron Ron

He looked over his shoulder. Ron was standing well back and seemed to be fighting the impulse to run.

Whats up said Harry.

I — dont — like — spiders said Ron tensely.

I never knew that said Hermione looking at Ron in surprise. Youve used spiders in Potions loads of times. . . .

I dont mind them dead said Ron who was carefully looking anywhere but at the window. I just dont like the way they move. . . .

Hermione giggled.

Its not funny said Ron fiercely. If you must know when I was three Fred turned my — my teddy bear into a great big filthy spider because I broke his toy broomstick. . . . You wouldnt like them either if youd been holding your bear and suddenly it had too many legs and . . .

He broke off shuddering. Hermione was obviously still trying not to laugh. Feeling they had better get off the subject Harry said Remember all that water on the floor Where did that come from Someones mopped it up.

It was about here said Ron recovering himself to walk a few paces past Filchs chair and pointing. Level with this door.

He reached for the brass doorknob but suddenly withdrew his hand as though hed been burned.

Whats the matter said Harry.

Cant go in there said Ron gruffly. Thats a girls toilet.

Oh Ron there wont be anyone in there said Hermione standing up and coming over. Thats Moaning Myrtles place. Come on lets have a look.

And ignoring the large OUT OF ORDER sign she opened the door.

It was the gloomiest most depressing bathroom Harry had ever set foot in. Under a large cracked and spotted mirror were a row of chipped sinks. The floor was damp and reflected the dull light given off by the stubs of a few candles burning low in their holders; the wooden doors to the stalls were flaking and scratched and one of them was dangling off its hinges.

Hermione put her fingers to her lips and set off toward the end stall. When she reached it she said Hello Myrtle how are you

Harry and Ron went to look. Moaning Myrtle was floating above the tank of the toilet picking a spot on her chin.

This is a girls bathroom she said eyeing Ron and Harry suspiciously. Theyre not girls.

No Hermione agreed. I just wanted to show them how — er — nice it is in here.

She waved vaguely at the dirty old mirror and the damp floor.

Ask her if she saw anything Harry mouthed at Hermione.

What are you whispering said Myrtle staring at him.

Nothing said Harry quickly. We wanted to ask —

I wish people would stop talking behind my back said Myrtle in a voice choked with tears. I do have feelings you know even if I am dead —

Myrtle no one wants to upset you said Hermione. Harry only —

No one wants to upset me Thats a good one howled Myrtle. My life was nothing but misery at this place and now people come along ruining my death

We wanted to ask you if youve seen anything funny lately said Hermione quickly. Because a cat was attacked right outside your front door on Halloween.

Did you see anyone near here that night said Harry.

I wasnt paying attention said Myrtle dramatically. Peeves upset me so much I came in here and tried to kill myself. Then of course I remembered that Im — that Im —

Already dead said Ron helpfully.

Myrtle gave a tragic sob rose up in the air turned over and dived headfirst into the toilet splashing water all over them and vanishing from sight although from the direction of her muffled sobs she had come to rest somewhere in the U-bend.

Harry and Ron stood with their mouths open but Hermione shrugged wearily and said Honestly that was almost cheerful for Myrtle. . . . Come on lets go.

Harry had barely closed the door on Myrtles gurgling sobs when a loud voice made all three of them jump.

RON

Percy Weasley had stopped dead at the head of the stairs prefect badge agleam an expression of complete shock on his face.

Thats a girls bathroom he gasped. What were you — 

Just having a look around Ron shrugged. Clues you know —

Percy swelled in a manner that reminded Harry forcefully of Mrs. Weasley.

Get — away — from — there — Percy said striding toward them and starting to bustle them along flapping his arms. Dont you care what this looks like Coming back here while everyones at dinner —

Why shouldnt we be here said Ron hotly stopping short and glaring at Percy. Listen we never laid a finger on that cat

Thats what I told Ginny said Percy fiercely but she still seems to think youre going to be expelled Ive never seen her so upset crying her eyes out you might think of her all the first years are thoroughly overexcited by this business —

You dont care about Ginny said Ron whose ears were now reddening. Youre just worried Im going to mess up your chances of being Head Boy —

Five points from Gryffindor Percy said tersely fingering his prefect badge. And I hope it teaches you a lesson No more detective work or Ill write to Mum

And he strode off the back of his neck as red as Rons ears.

Harry Ron and Hermione chose seats as far as possible from Percy in the common room that night. Ron was still in a very bad temper and kept blotting his Charms homework. When he reached absently for his wand to remove the smudges it ignited the parchment. Fuming almost as much as his homework Ron slammed The Standard Book of Spells Grade 2 shut. To Harrys surprise Hermione followed suit.

Who can it be though she said in a quiet voice as though continuing a conversation they had just been having. Whod want to frighten all the Squibs and Muggle-borns out of Hogwarts

Lets think said Ron in mock puzzlement. Who do we know who thinks Muggle-borns are scum

He looked at Hermione. Hermione looked back unconvinced.

If youre talking about Malfoy —

Of course I am said Ron. You heard him — ‘Youll be next Mudbloods — come on youve only got to look at his foul rat face to know its him —

Malfoy the Heir of Slytherin said Hermione skeptically.

Look at his family said Harry closing his books too. The whole lot of them have been in Slytherin; hes always boasting about it. They could easily be Slytherins descendants. His fathers definitely evil enough.

They couldve had the key to the Chamber of Secrets for centuries said Ron. Handing it down father to son. . . .

Well said Hermione cautiously I suppose its possible. . . .

But how do we prove it said Harry darkly.

There might be a way said Hermione slowly dropping her voice still further with a quick glance across the room at Percy. Of course it would be difficult. And dangerous very dangerous. Wed be breaking about fifty school rules I expect —

If in a month or so you feel like explaining you will let us know wont you said Ron irritably.

All right said Hermione coldly. What wed need to do is to get inside the Slytherin common room and ask Malfoy a few questions without him realizing its us.

But thats impossible Harry said as Ron laughed.

No its not said Hermione. All wed need would be some Polyjuice Potion.

Whats that said Ron and Harry together.

Snape mentioned it in class a few weeks ago —

Dyou think weve got nothing better to do in Potions than listen to Snape muttered Ron.

It transforms you into somebody else. Think about it We could change into three of the Slytherins. No one would know it was us. Malfoy would probably tell us anything. Hes probably boasting about it in the Slytherin common room right now if only we could hear him.

This Polyjuice stuff sounds a bit dodgy to me said Ron frowning. What if we were stuck looking like three of the Slytherins forever

It wears off after a while said Hermione waving her hand impatiently. But getting hold of the recipe will be very difficult. Snape said it was in a book called Moste Potente Potions and its bound to be in the Restricted Section of the library.

There was only one way to get out a book from the Restricted Section: You needed a signed note of permission from a teacher.

Hard to see why wed want the book really said Ron if we werent going to try and make one of the potions.

I think said Hermione that if we made it sound as though we were just interested in the theory we might stand a chance. . . .

Oh come on no teachers going to fall for that said Ron. Theyd have to be really thick. . . .




