




NUMBER TWELVE GRIMMAULD PLACE




Whats the Order of the —  Harry began.

Not here boy snarled Moody. Wait till were inside

He pulled the piece of parchment out of Harrys hand and set fire to it with his wand-tip. As the message curled into flames and floated to the ground Harry looked around at the houses again. They were standing outside number eleven; he looked to the left and saw number ten; to the right however was number thirteen.

But wheres — 

Think about what youve just memorized said Lupin quietly.

Harry thought and no sooner had he reached the part about number twelve Grimmauld Place than a battered door emerged out of nowhere between numbers eleven and thirteen followed swiftly by dirty walls and grimy windows. It was as though an extra house had inflated pushing those on either side out of its way. Harry gaped at it. The stereo in number eleven thudded on. Apparently the Muggles inside hadnt even felt anything.

Come on hurry growled Moody prodding Harry in the back.

Harry walked up the worn stone steps staring at the newly materialized door. Its black paint was shabby and scratched. The silver door knocker was in the form of a twisted serpent. There was no keyhole or letterbox.

Lupin pulled out his wand and tapped the door once. Harry heard many loud metallic clicks and what sounded like the clatter of a chain. The door creaked open.

Get in quick Harry Lupin whispered. But dont go far inside and dont touch anything.

Harry stepped over the threshold into the almost total darkness of the hall. He could smell damp dust and a sweetish rotting smell; the place had the feeling of a derelict building. He looked over his shoulder and saw the others filing in behind him Lupin and Tonks carrying his trunk and Hedwigs cage. Moody was standing on the top step and releasing the balls of light the Put-Outer had stolen from the streetlamps; they flew back to their bulbs and the square beyond glowed momentarily with orange light before Moody limped inside and closed the front door so that the darkness in the hall became complete.

Here —

He rapped Harry hard over the head with his wand; Harry felt as though something hot was trickling down his back this time and knew that the Disillusionment Charm must have lifted.

Now stay still everyone while I give us a bit of light in here Moody whispered.

The others hushed voices were giving Harry an odd feeling of foreboding; it was as though they had just entered the house of a dying person. He heard a soft hissing noise and then old-fashioned gas lamps sputtered into life all along the walls casting a flickering insubstantial light over the peeling wallpaper and threadbare carpet of a long gloomy hallway where a cobwebby chandelier glimmered overhead and age-blackened portraits hung crooked on the walls. Harry heard something scuttling behind the baseboard. Both the chandelier and the candelabra on a rickety table nearby were shaped like serpents.

There were hurried footsteps and Rons mother Mrs. Weasley emerged from a door at the far end of the hall. She was beaming in welcome as she hurried toward them though Harry noticed that she was rather thinner and paler than she had been last time he had seen her.

Oh Harry its lovely to see you she whispered pulling him into a rib-cracking hug before holding him at arms length and examining him critically. Youre looking peaky; you need feeding up but youll have to wait a bit for dinner Im afraid . . .

She turned to the gang of wizards behind him and whispered urgently Hes just arrived the meetings started . . .

The wizards behind Harry all made noises of interest and excitement and began filing past Harry toward the door through which Mrs. Weasley had just come; Harry made to follow Lupin but Mrs. Weasley held him back.

No Harry the meetings only for members of the Order. Ron and Hermione are upstairs you can wait with them until the meetings over and then well have dinner. And keep your voice down in the hall she added in an urgent whisper.

Why

I dont want to wake anything up.

What dyou — 

Ill explain later Ive got to hurry Im supposed to be at the meeting — Ill just show you where youre sleeping.

Pressing her finger to her lips she led him on tiptoes past a pair of long moth-eaten curtains behind which Harry supposed there must be another door and after skirting a large umbrella stand that looked as though it had been made from a severed trolls leg they started up the dark staircase passing a row of shrunken heads mounted on plaques on the wall. A closer look showed Harry that the heads belonged to house-elves. All of them had the same rather snoutlike nose.

Harrys bewilderment deepened with every step he took. What on earth were they doing in a house that looked as though it belonged to the Darkest of wizards

Mrs. Weasley why — 

Ron and Hermione will explain everything dear Ive really got to dash Mrs. Weasley whispered distractedly. There — they had reached the second landing — youre the door on the right. Ill call you when its over.

And she hurried off downstairs again.

Harry crossed the dingy landing turned the bedroom doorknob which was shaped like a serpents head and opened the door.

He caught a brief glimpse of a gloomy high-ceilinged twin-bedded room then there was a loud twittering noise followed by an even louder shriek and his vision was completely obscured by a large quantity of very bushy hair — Hermione had thrown herself onto him in a hug that nearly knocked him flat while Rons tiny owl Pigwidgeon zoomed excitedly round and round their heads.

HARRY Ron hes here Harrys here We didnt hear you arrive Oh how are you Are you all right Have you been furious with us I bet you have I know our letters were useless — but we couldnt tell you anything Dumbledore made us swear we wouldnt oh weve got so much to tell you and youve got to tell us — the dementors When we heard — and that Ministry hearing — its just outrageous Ive looked it all up they cant expel you they just cant theres provision in the Decree for the Restriction of Underage Sorcery for the use of magic in life-threatening situations —

Let him breathe Hermione said Ron grinning closing the door behind Harry. He seemed to have grown several more inches during their month apart making him taller and more gangly looking than ever though the long nose bright red hair and freckles were the same.

Hermione still beaming let go of Harry but before she could say another word there was a soft whooshing sound and something white soared from the top of a dark wardrobe and landed gently on Harrys shoulder.

Hedwig

The snowy owl clicked her beak and nibbled his ear affectionately as Harry stroked her feathers.

Shes been in a right state said Ron. Pecked us half to death when she brought your last letters look at this —

He showed Harry the index finger of his right hand which sported a half-healed but clearly deep cut.

Oh yeah Harry said. Sorry about that but I wanted answers you know . . .

We wanted to give them to you mate said Ron. Hermione was going spare she kept saying youd do something stupid if you were stuck all on your own without news but Dumbledore made us —

— swear not to tell me said Harry. Yeah Hermiones already said.

The warm glow that had flared inside him at the sight of his two best friends was extinguished as something icy flooded the pit of his stomach. All of a sudden — after yearning to see them for a solid month — he felt he would rather Ron and Hermione left him alone.

There was a strained silence in which Harry stroked Hedwig automatically not looking at either of the others.

He seemed to think it was best said Hermione rather breathlessly. Dumbledore I mean.

Right said Harry. He noticed that her hands too bore the marks of Hedwigs beak and found that he was not at all sorry.

I think he thought you were safest with the Muggles — Ron began.

Yeah said Harry raising his eyebrows. Have either of you been attacked by dementors this summer

Well no — but thats why hes had people from the Order of the Phoenix tailing you all the time —

Harry felt a great jolt in his guts as though he had just missed a step going downstairs. So everyone had known he was being followed except him.

Didnt work that well though did it said Harry doing his utmost to keep his voice even. Had to look after myself after all didnt I

He was so angry said Hermione in an almost awestruck voice. Dumbledore. We saw him. When he found out Mundungus had left before his shift had ended. He was scary.

Well Im glad he left Harry said coldly. If he hadnt I wouldnt have done magic and Dumbledore would probably have left me at Privet Drive all summer.

Arent you . . . arent you worried about the Ministry of Magic hearing said Hermione quietly.

No Harry lied defiantly. He walked away from them looking around with Hedwig nestled contentedly on his shoulder but this room was not likely to raise his spirits. It was dank and dark. A blank stretch of canvas in an ornate picture frame was all that relieved the bareness of the peeling walls and as Harry passed it he thought he heard someone lurking out of sight snigger.

So whys Dumbledore been so keen to keep me in the dark Harry asked still trying hard to keep his voice casual. Did you — er — bother to ask him at all

He glanced up just in time to see them exchanging a look that told him he was behaving just as they had feared he would. It did nothing to improve his temper.

We told Dumbledore we wanted to tell you what was going on said Ron. We did mate. But hes really busy now weve only seen him twice since we came here and he didnt have much time he just made us swear not to tell you important stuff when we wrote he said the owls might be intercepted —

He could stillve kept me informed if hed wanted to Harry said shortly. Youre not telling me he doesnt know ways to send messages without owls.

Hermione glanced at Ron and then said I thought that too. But he didnt want you to know anything.

Maybe he thinks I cant be trusted said Harry watching their expressions.

Dont be thick said Ron looking highly disconcerted.

Or that I cant take care of myself —

Of course he doesnt think that said Hermione anxiously.

So how come I have to stay at the Dursleys while you two get to join in everything thats going on here said Harry the words tumbling over one another in a rush his voice growing louder with every word. How come you two are allowed to know everything thats going on — 

Were not Ron interrupted. Mum wont let us near the meetings she says were too young —

But before he knew it Harry was shouting.

SO YOU HAVENT BEEN IN THE MEETINGS BIG DEAL YOUVE STILL BEEN HERE HAVENT YOU YOUVE STILL BEEN TOGETHER ME IVE BEEN STUCK AT THE DURSLEYS FOR A MONTH AND IVE HANDLED MORE THAN YOU TWOVE EVER MANAGED AND DUMBLEDORE KNOWS IT — WHO SAVED THE SORCERERS STONE WHO GOT RID OF RIDDLE WHO SAVED BOTH YOUR SKINS FROM THE DEMENTORS

Every bitter and resentful thought that Harry had had in the past month was pouring out of him; his frustration at the lack of news the hurt that they had all been together without him his fury at being followed and not told about it: All the feelings he was half-ashamed of finally burst their boundaries. Hedwig took fright at the noise and soared off on top of the wardrobe again; Pigwidgeon twittered in alarm and zoomed even faster around their heads.

WHO HAD TO GET PAST DRAGONS AND SPHINXES AND EVERY OTHER FOUL THING LAST YEAR WHO SAW HIM COME BACK WHO HAD TO ESCAPE FROM HIM ME

Ron was standing there with his mouth half-open clearly stunned and at a loss for anything to say while Hermione looked on the verge of tears.

BUT WHY SHOULD I KNOW WHATS GOING ON WHY SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER TO TELL ME WHATS BEEN HAPPENING

Harry we wanted to tell you we really did — Hermione began.

CANTVE WANTED TO THAT MUCH CAN YOU OR YOUD HAVE SENT ME AN OWL BUT DUMBLEDORE MADE YOU SWEAR —

Well he did —

FOUR WEEKS IVE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE NICKING PAPERS OUT OF BINS TO TRY AND FIND OUT WHATS BEEN GOING ON —

We wanted to —

I SUPPOSE YOUVE BEEN HAVING A REAL LAUGH HAVENT YOU ALL HOLED UP HERE TOGETHER —

No honest —

Harry were really sorry said Hermione desperately her eyes now sparkling with tears. Youre absolutely right Harry — Id be furious if it was me

Harry glared at her still breathing deeply then turned away from them again pacing up and down. Hedwig hooted glumly from the top of the wardrobe. There was a long pause broken only by the mournful creak of the floorboards below Harrys feet.

What is this place anyway he shot at Ron and Hermione.

Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix said Ron at once.

Is anyone going to bother telling me what the Order of the Phoenix — 

Its a secret society said Hermione quickly. Dumbledores in charge he founded it. Its the people who fought against You-Know-Who last time.

Whos in it said Harry coming to a halt with his hands in his pockets.

Quite a few people —

— weve met about twenty of them said Ron but we think there are more . . .

Harry glared at them.

Well he demanded looking from one to the other.

Er said Ron. Well what

Voldemort said Harry furiously and both Ron and Hermione winced. Whats happening Whats he up to Where is he What are we doing to stop him

Weve told you the Order dont let us in on their meetings said Hermione nervously. So we dont know the details — but weve got a general idea — she added hastily seeing the look on Harrys face.

Fred and George have invented Extendable Ears see said Ron. Theyre really useful.

Extendable — 

Ears yeah. Only weve had to stop using them lately because Mum found out and went berserk. Fred and George had to hide them all to stop Mum binning them. But we got a good bit of use out of them before Mum realized what was going on. We know some of the Order are following known Death Eaters keeping tabs on them you know —

— some of them are working on recruiting more people to the Order — said Hermione.

— and some of them are standing guard over something said Ron. Theyre always talking about guard duty.

Couldnt have been me could it said Harry sarcastically.

Oh yeah said Ron with a look of dawning comprehension.

Harry snorted. He walked around the room again looking anywhere but at Ron and Hermione. So what have you two been doing if youre not allowed in meetings he demanded. You said youd been busy.

We have said Hermione quickly. Weve been decontaminating this house its been empty for ages and stuffs been breeding in here. Weve managed to clean out the kitchen most of the bedrooms and I think were doing the drawing room tomo — AARGH

With two loud cracks Fred and George Rons elder twin brothers had materialized out of thin air in the middle of the room. Pigwidgeon twittered more wildly than ever and zoomed off to join Hedwig on top of the wardrobe.

Stop doing that Hermione said weakly to the twins who were as vividly red-haired as Ron though stockier and slightly shorter.

Hello Harry said George beaming at him. We thought we heard your dulcet tones.

You dont want to bottle up your anger like that Harry let it all out said Fred also beaming. There might be a couple of people fifty miles away who didnt hear you.

You two passed your Apparation tests then asked Harry grumpily.

With distinction said Fred who was holding what looked like a piece of very long flesh-colored string.

It would have taken you about thirty seconds longer to walk down the stairs said Ron.

Time is Galleons little brother said Fred. Anyway Harry youre interfering with reception. Extendable Ears he added in response to Harrys raised eyebrows holding up the string which Harry now saw was trailing out onto the landing. Were trying to hear whats going on downstairs.

You want to be careful said Ron staring at the ear. If Mum sees one of them again . . .

Its worth the risk thats a major meeting theyre having said Fred.

The door opened and a long mane of red hair appeared.

Oh hello Harry said Rons younger sister Ginny brightly. I thought I heard your voice.

Turning to Fred and George she said Its no go with the Extendable Ears shes gone and put an Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door.

How dyou know said George looking crestfallen.

Tonks told me how to find out said Ginny. You just chuck stuff at the door and if it cant make contact the doors been Imperturbed. Ive been flicking Dungbombs at it from the top of the stairs and they just soar away from it so theres no way the Extendable Ears will be able to get under the gap.

Fred heaved a deep sigh. Shame. I really fancied finding out what old Snapes been up to.

Snape said Harry quickly. Is he here

Yeah said George carefully closing the door and sitting down on one of the beds; Fred and Ginny followed. Giving a report. Top secret.

Git said Fred idly.

Hes on our side now said Hermione reprovingly.

Ron snorted. Doesnt stop him being a git. The way he looks at us when he sees us . . .

Bill doesnt like him either said Ginny as though that settled the matter.

Harry was not sure his anger had abated yet; but his thirst for information was now overcoming his urge to keep shouting. He sank onto the bed opposite the others.

Is Bill here he asked. I thought he was working in Egypt.

He applied for a desk job so he could come home and work for the Order said Fred. He says he misses the tombs but he smirked there are compensations . . .

What dyou mean

Remember old Fleur Delacour said George. Shes got a job at Gringotts to eemprove er Eeenglish —

— and Bills been giving her a lot of private lessons sniggered Fred.

Charlies in the Order too said George but hes still in Romania Dumbledore wants as many foreign wizards brought in as possible so Charlies trying to make contacts on his days off.

Couldnt Percy do that Harry asked. The last he had heard the third Weasley brother was working in the Department of International Magical Cooperation at the Ministry of Magic.

At these words all the Weasleys and Hermione exchanged darkly significant looks.

Whatever you do dont mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad Ron told Harry in a tense voice.

Why not

Because every time Percys names mentioned Dad breaks whatever hes holding and Mum starts crying Fred said.

Its been awful said Ginny sadly.

I think were well shut of him said George with an uncharacteristically ugly look on his face.

Whats happened Harry said.

Percy and Dad had a row said Fred. Ive never seen Dad row with anyone like that. Its normally Mum who shouts . . .

It was the first week back after term ended said Ron. We were about to come and join the Order. Percy came home and told us hed been promoted.

Youre kidding said Harry.

Though he knew perfectly well that Percy was highly ambitious Harrys impression was that Percy had not made a great success of his first job at the Ministry of Magic. Percy had committed the fairly large oversight of failing to notice that his boss was being controlled by Lord Voldemort (not that the Ministry had believed that — they all thought that Mr. Crouch had gone mad).

Yeah we were all surprised said George because Percy got into a load of trouble about Crouch there was an inquiry and everything. They said Percy ought to have realized Crouch was off his rocker and informed a superior. But you know Percy Crouch left him in charge he wasnt going to complain . . .

So how come they promoted him

Thats exactly what we wondered said Ron who seemed very keen to keep normal conversation going now that Harry had stopped yelling. He came home really pleased with himself — even more pleased than usual if you can imagine that — and told Dad hed been offered a position in Fudges own office. A really good one for someone only a year out of Hogwarts — Junior Assistant to the Minister. He expected Dad to be all impressed I think.

Only Dad wasnt said Fred grimly.

Why not said Harry.

Well apparently Fudge has been storming round the Ministry checking that nobodys having any contact with Dumbledore said George.

Dumbledores names mud with the Ministry these days see said Fred. They all think hes just making trouble saying You-Know-Whos back.

Dad says Fudge has made it clear that anyone whos in league with Dumbledore can clear out their desks said George.

Trouble is Fudge suspects Dad he knows hes friendly with Dumbledore and hes always thought Dads a bit of a weirdo because of his Muggle obsession —

But whats this got to do with Percy asked Harry confused.

Im coming to that. Dad reckons Fudge only wants Percy in his office because he wants to use him to spy on the family — and Dumbledore.

Harry let out a low whistle.

Bet Percy loved that.

Ron laughed in a hollow sort of way.

He went completely berserk. He said — well he said loads of terrible stuff. He said hes been having to struggle against Dads lousy reputation ever since he joined the Ministry and that Dads got no ambition and thats why weve always been — you know — not had a lot of money I mean —

What said Harry in disbelief as Ginny made a noise like an angry cat.

I know said Ron in a low voice. And it got worse. He said Dad was an idiot to run around with Dumbledore that Dumbledore was heading for big trouble and Dad was going to go down with him and that he — Percy — knew where his loyalty lay and it was with the Ministry. And if Mum and Dad were going to become traitors to the Ministry he was going to make sure everyone knew he didnt belong to our family anymore. And he packed his bags the same night and left. Hes living here in London now.

Harry swore under his breath. He had always liked Percy least of Rons brothers but he had never imagined he would say such things to Mr. Weasley.

Mums been in a right state said Ron. You know — crying and stuff. She came up to London to try and talk to Percy but he slammed the door in her face. I dunno what he does if he meets Dad at work — ignores him I spose.

But Percy must know Voldemorts back said Harry slowly. Hes not stupid he must know your mum and dad wouldnt risk everything without proof —

Yeah well your name got dragged into the row said Ron shooting Harry a furtive look. Percy said the only evidence was your word and . . . I dunno . . . he didnt think it was good enough.

Percy takes the Daily Prophet seriously said Hermione tartly and the others all nodded.

What are you talking about Harry asked looking around at them all. They were all regarding him warily.

Havent — havent you been getting the Daily Prophet Hermione asked nervously.

Yeah I have said Harry.

Have you — er — been reading it thoroughly Hermione asked still more anxiously.

Not cover to cover said Harry defensively. If they were going to report anything about Voldemort it would be headline news wouldnt it

The others flinched at the sound of the name. Hermione hurried on Well youd need to read it cover to cover to pick it up but they — um — they mention you a couple of times a week.

But Id have seen —

Not if youve only been reading the front page you wouldnt said Hermione shaking her head. Im not talking about big articles. They just slip you in like youre a standing joke.

What dyou — 

Its quite nasty actually said Hermione in a voice of forced calm. Theyre just building on Ritas stuff.

But shes not writing for them anymore is she

Oh no shes kept her promise — not that shes got any choice Hermione added with satisfaction. But she laid the foundation for what theyre trying to do now.

Which is what said Harry impatiently.

Okay you know she wrote that you were collapsing all over the place and saying your scar was hurting and all that

Yeah said Harry who was not likely to forget Rita Skeeters stories about him in a hurry.

Well theyre writing about you as though youre this deluded attention-seeking person who thinks hes a great tragic hero or something said Hermione very fast as though it would be less unpleasant for Harry to hear these facts quickly. They keep slipping in snide comments about you. If some far-fetched story appears they say something like ‘a tale worthy of Harry Potter and if anyone has a funny accident or anything its ‘lets hope he hasnt got a scar on his forehead or well be asked to worship him next —

I dont want anyone to worship — Harry began hotly.

I know you dont said Hermione quickly looking frightened. I know Harry. But you see what theyre doing They want to turn you into someone nobody will believe. Fudge is behind it Ill bet anything. They want wizards on the street to think youre just some stupid boy whos a bit of a joke who tells ridiculous tall stories because he loves being famous and wants to keep it going.

I didnt ask — I didnt want — Voldemort killed my parents Harry spluttered. I got famous because he murdered my family but couldnt kill me Who wants to be famous for that Dont they think Id rather itd never —

We know Harry said Ginny earnestly.

And of course they didnt report a word about the dementors attacking you said Hermione. Someones told them to keep that quiet. That shouldve been a really big story out-of-control dementors. They havent even reported that you broke the International Statute of Secrecy — we thought they would it would tie in so well with this image of you as some stupid show-off — we think theyre biding their time until youre expelled then theyre really going to go to town — I mean if youre expelled obviously she went on hastily you really shouldnt be not if they abide by their own laws theres no case against you.

They were back on the hearing and Harry did not want to think about it. He cast around for another change of subject but was saved the necessity of finding one by the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs.

Uh-oh.

Fred gave the Extendable Ear a hearty tug; there was another loud crack and he and George vanished. Seconds later Mrs. Weasley appeared in the bedroom doorway.

The meetings over you can come down and have dinner now everyones dying to see you Harry. And whos left all those Dungbombs outside the kitchen door

Crookshanks said Ginny unblushingly. He loves playing with them.

Oh said Mrs. Weasley I thought it might have been Kreacher he keeps doing odd things like that. Now dont forget to keep your voices down in the hall. Ginny your hands are filthy what have you been doing Go and wash them before dinner please . . .

Ginny grimaced at the others and followed her mother out of the room leaving Harry alone with Ron and Hermione again. Both of them were watching him apprehensively as though they feared that he would start shouting again now that everyone else had gone. The sight of them looking so nervous made him feel slightly ashamed.

Look . . . he muttered but Ron shook his head and Hermione said quietly We knew youd be angry Harry we really dont blame you but youve got to understand we did try and persuade Dumbledore —

Yeah I know said Harry grudgingly.

He cast around for a topic to change the subject from Dumbledore — the very thought of him made Harrys insides burn with anger again.

Whos Kreacher he asked.

The house-elf who lives here said Ron. Nutter. Never met one like him.

Hermione frowned at Ron.

Hes not a nutter Ron —

His lifes ambition is to have his head cut off and stuck up on a plaque just like his mother said Ron irritably. Is that normal Hermione

Well — well if he is a bit strange its not his fault —

Ron rolled his eyes at Harry.

Hermione still hasnt given up on spew —

Its not ‘spew said Hermione heatedly. Its the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare and its not just me Dumbledore says we should be kind to Kreacher too —

Yeah yeah said Ron. Cmon Im starving.

He led the way out of the door and onto the landing but before they could descend the stairs — Hold it Ron breathed flinging out an arm to stop Harry and Hermione walking any farther. Theyre still in the hall we might be able to hear something —

The three of them looked cautiously over the banisters. The gloomy hallway below was packed with witches and wizards including all of Harrys guard. They were whispering excitedly together. In the very center of the group Harry saw the dark greasy-haired head and prominent nose of his least favorite teacher at Hogwarts Professor Snape. Harry leaned farther over the banisters. He was very interested in what Snape was doing for the Order of the Phoenix. . . .

A thin piece of flesh-colored string descended in front of Harrys eyes. Looking up he saw Fred and George on the landing above cautiously lowering the Extendable Ear toward the dark knot of people below. A moment later however they began to move toward the front door and out of sight.

Dammit Harry heard Fred whisper as he hoisted the Extendable Ear back up again.

They heard the front door open and then close.

Snape never eats here Ron told Harry quietly. Thank God. Cmon.

And dont forget to keep your voice down in the hall Harry Hermione whispered.

As they passed the row of house-elf heads on the wall they saw Lupin Mrs. Weasley and Tonks at the front door magically sealing its many locks and bolts behind those who had just left.

Were eating down in the kitchen Mrs. Weasley whispered meeting them at the bottom of the stairs. Harry dear if youll just tiptoe across the hall its through this door here —

CRASH.

Tonks cried Mrs. Weasley exasperatedly turning to look behind her.

Im sorry wailed Tonks who was lying flat on the floor. Its that stupid umbrella stand thats the second time Ive tripped over —

But the rest of her words were drowned by a horrible earsplitting bloodcurdling screech.

The moth-eaten velvet curtains Harry had passed earlier had flown apart but there was no door behind them. For a split second Harry thought he was looking through a window a window behind which an old woman in a black cap was screaming and screaming as though she was being tortured — then he realized it was simply a life-size portrait but the most realistic and the most unpleasant he had ever seen in his life.

The old woman was drooling her eyes were rolling the yellowing skin of her face stretched taut as she screamed and all along the hall behind them the other portraits awoke and began to yell too so that Harry actually screwed up his eyes at the noise and clapped his hands over his ears.

Lupin and Mrs. Weasley darted forward and tried to tug the curtains shut over the old woman but they would not close and she screeched louder than ever brandishing clawed hands as though trying to tear at their faces.

Filth Scum By-products of dirt and vileness Half-breeds mutants freaks begone from this place How dare you befoul the house of my fathers —

Tonks apologized over and over again at the same time dragging the huge heavy trolls leg back off the floor. Mrs. Weasley abandoned the attempt to close the curtains and hurried up and down the hall Stunning all the other portraits with her wand. Then a man with long black hair came charging out of a door facing Harry.

Shut up you horrible old hag shut UP he roared seizing the curtain Mrs. Weasley had abandoned.

The old womans face blanched.

Yoooou she howled her eyes popping at the sight of the man. Blood traitor abomination shame of my flesh

I said — shut — UP roared the man and with a stupendous effort he and Lupin managed to force the curtains closed again.

The old womans screeches died and an echoing silence fell.

Panting slightly and sweeping his long dark hair out of his eyes Harrys godfather Sirius turned to face him.

Hello Harry he said grimly I see youve met my mother.




