




THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX




Your — 

My dear old mum yeah said Sirius. Weve been trying to get her down for a month but we think she put a Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of the canvas. Lets get downstairs quick before they all wake up again.

But whats a portrait of your mother doing here Harry asked bewildered as they went through the door from the hall and led the way down a flight of narrow stone steps the others just behind them.

Hasnt anyone told you This was my parents house said Sirius. But Im the last Black left so its mine now. I offered it to Dumbledore for headquarters — about the only useful thing Ive been able to do.

Harry who had expected a better welcome noted how hard and bitter Siriuss voice sounded. He followed his godfather to the bottom of the stairs and through a door leading into the basement kitchen.

It was scarcely less gloomy than the hall above a cavernous room with rough stone walls. Most of the light was coming from a large fire at the far end of the room. A haze of pipe smoke hung in the air like battle fumes through which loomed the menacing shapes of heavy iron pots and pans hanging from the dark ceiling. Many chairs had been crammed into the room for the meeting and a long wooden table stood in the middle of the room littered with rolls of parchment goblets empty wine bottles and a heap of what appeared to be rags. Mr. Weasley and his eldest son Bill were talking quietly with their heads together at the end of the table.

Mrs. Weasley cleared her throat. Her husband a thin balding red-haired man who wore horn-rimmed glasses looked around and jumped to his feet.

Harry Mr. Weasley said hurrying forward to greet him and shaking his hand vigorously. Good to see you

Over his shoulder Harry saw Bill who still wore his long hair in a ponytail hastily rolling up the lengths of parchment left on the table.

Journey all right Harry Bill called trying to gather up twelve scrolls at once. Mad-Eye didnt make you come via Greenland then

He tried said Tonks striding over to help Bill and immediately sending a candle toppling onto the last piece of parchment. Oh no — sorry —

Here dear said Mrs. Weasley sounding exasperated and she repaired the parchment with a wave of her wand: In the flash of light caused by Mrs. Weasleys charm Harry caught a glimpse of what looked like the plan of a building.

Mrs. Weasley had seen him looking. She snatched the plan off the table and stuffed it into Bills heavily laden arms.

This sort of thing ought to be cleared away promptly at the end of meetings she snapped before sweeping off toward an ancient dresser from which she started unloading dinner plates.

Bill took out his wand muttered Evanesco and the scrolls vanished.

Sit down Harry said Sirius. Youve met Mundungus havent you

The thing Harry had taken to be a pile of rags gave a prolonged grunting snore and then jerked awake.

Somen say m name Mundungus mumbled sleepily. I gree with Sirius . . .

He raised a very grubby hand in the air as though voting his droopy bloodshot eyes unfocused. Ginny giggled.

The meetings over Dung said Sirius as they all sat down around him at the table. Harrys arrived.

Eh said Mundungus peering balefully at Harry through his matted ginger hair. Blimey so e as. Yeah . . . you all right arry

Yeah said Harry.

Mundungus fumbled nervously in his pockets still staring at Harry and pulled out a grimy black pipe. He stuck it in his mouth ignited the end of it with his wand and took a deep pull on it. Great billowing clouds of greenish smoke obscured him in seconds.

Owe you a pology grunted a voice from the middle of the smelly cloud.

For the last time Mundungus called Mrs. Weasley will you please not smoke that thing in the kitchen especially not when were about to eat

Ah said Mundungus. Right. Sorry Molly.

The cloud of smoke vanished as Mundungus stowed his pipe back in his pocket but an acrid smell of burning socks lingered.

And if you want dinner before midnight Ill need a hand Mrs. Weasley said to the room at large. No you can stay where you are Harry dear youve had a long journey —

What can I do Molly said Tonks enthusiastically bounding forward.

Mrs. Weasley hesitated looking apprehensive.

Er — no its all right Tonks you have a rest too youve done enough today —

No no I want to help said Tonks brightly knocking over a chair as she hurried toward the dresser from which Ginny was collecting cutlery.

Soon a series of heavy knives were chopping meat and vegetables of their own accord supervised by Mr. Weasley while Mrs. Weasley stirred a cauldron dangling over the fire and the others took out plates more goblets and food from the pantry. Harry was left at the table with Sirius and Mundungus who was still blinking mournfully at him.

Seen old Figgy since he asked.

No said Harry I havent seen anyone.

See I wouldnt ave left said Mundungus leaning forward a pleading note in his voice but I ad a business opportunity —

Harry felt something brush against his knees and started but it was only Crookshanks Hermiones bandy-legged ginger cat who wound himself once around Harrys legs purring then jumped onto Siriuss lap and curled up. Sirius scratched him absentmindedly behind the ears as he turned still grim-faced to Harry.

Had a good summer so far

No its been lousy said Harry.

For the first time something like a grin flitted across Siriuss face.

Dont know what youre complaining about myself.

What said Harry incredulously.

Personally Id have welcomed a dementor attack. A deadly struggle for my soul would have broken the monotony nicely. You think youve had it bad at least youve been able to get out and about stretch your legs get into a few fights. . . . Ive been stuck inside for a month.

How come asked Harry frowning.

Because the Ministry of Magics still after me and Voldemort will know all about me being an Animagus by now Wormtail will have told him so my big disguise is useless. Theres not much I can do for the Order of the Phoenix . . . or so Dumbledore feels.

There was something about the slightly flattened tone of voice in which Sirius uttered Dumbledores name that told Harry that Sirius was not very happy with the headmaster either. Harry felt a sudden upsurge of affection for his godfather.

At least youve known whats been going on he said bracingly.

Oh yeah said Sirius sarcastically. Listening to Snapes reports having to take all his snide hints that hes out there risking his life while Im sat on my backside here having a nice comfortable time . . . asking me how the cleanings going —

What cleaning asked Harry.

Trying to make this place fit for human habitation said Sirius waving a hand around the dismal kitchen. No ones lived here for ten years not since my dear mother died unless you count her old house-elf and hes gone round the twist hasnt cleaned anything in ages —

Sirius said Mundungus who did not appear to have paid any attention to this conversation but had been minutely examining an empty goblet. This solid silver mate

Yes said Sirius surveying it with distaste. Finest fifteenth-century goblin-wrought silver embossed with the Black family crest.

Thatd come off though muttered Mundungus polishing it with his cuff.

Fred — George — NO JUST CARRY THEM Mrs. Weasley shrieked.

Harry Sirius and Mundungus looked around and a split second later dived away from the table. Fred and George had bewitched a large cauldron of stew an iron flagon of butterbeer and a heavy wooden breadboard complete with knife to hurtle through the air toward them. The stew skidded the length of the table and came to a halt just before the end leaving a long black burn on the wooden surface the flagon of butterbeer fell with a crash spilling its contents everywhere and the bread knife slipped off the board and landed point down and quivering ominously exactly where Siriuss right hand had been seconds before.

FOR HEAVENS SAKE screamed Mrs. Weasley. THERE WAS NO NEED — IVE HAD ENOUGH OF THIS — JUST BECAUSE YOURE ALLOWED TO USE MAGIC NOW YOU DONT HAVE TO WHIP YOUR WANDS OUT FOR EVERY TINY LITTLE THING

We were just trying to save a bit of time said Fred hurrying forward and wrenching the bread knife out of the table. Sorry Sirius mate — didnt mean to —

Harry and Sirius were both laughing. Mundungus who had toppled backward off his chair was swearing as he got to his feet. Crookshanks had given an angry hiss and shot off under the dresser from whence his large yellow eyes glowed in the darkness.

Boys Mr. Weasley said lifting the stew back into the middle of the table your mothers right youre supposed to show a sense of responsibility now youve come of age —

— none of your brothers caused this sort of trouble Mrs. Weasley raged at the twins slamming a fresh flagon of butterbeer onto the table and spilling almost as much again. Bill didnt feel the need to Apparate every few feet Charlie didnt Charm everything he met Percy —

She stopped dead catching her breath with a frightened look at her husband whose expression was suddenly wooden.

Lets eat said Bill quickly.

It looks wonderful Molly said Lupin ladling stew onto a plate for her and handing it across the table.

For a few minutes there was silence but for the chink of plates and cutlery and the scraping of chairs as everyone settled down to their food. Then Mrs. Weasley turned to Sirius and said Ive been meaning to tell you theres something trapped in that writing desk in the drawing room it keeps rattling and shaking. Of course it could just be a boggart but I thought we ought to ask Alastor to have a look at it before we let it out.

Whatever you like said Sirius indifferently.

The curtains in there are full of doxies too Mrs. Weasley went on. I thought we might try and tackle them tomorrow.

I look forward to it said Sirius. Harry heard the sarcasm in his voice but he was not sure that anyone else did.

Opposite Harry Tonks was entertaining Hermione and Ginny by transforming her nose between mouthfuls. Screwing up her eyes each time with the same pained expression she had worn back in Harrys bedroom her nose swelled to a beaklike protuberance like Snapes shrank to something resembling a button mushroom and then sprouted a great deal of hair from each nostril. Apparently this was a regular mealtime entertainment because after a while Hermione and Ginny started requesting their favorite noses.

Do that one like a pig snout Tonks . . .

Tonks obliged and Harry looking up had the fleeting impression that a female Dudley was grinning at him from across the table.

Mr. Weasley Bill and Lupin were having an intense discussion about goblins.

Theyre not giving anything away yet said Bill. I still cant work out whether they believe hes back or not. Course they might prefer not to take sides at all. Keep out of it.

Im sure theyd never go over to You-Know-Who said Mr. Weasley shaking his head. Theyve suffered losses too. Remember that goblin family he murdered last time somewhere near Nottingham

I think it depends what theyre offered said Lupin. And Im not talking about gold; if theyre offered freedoms weve been denying them for centuries theyre going to be tempted. Have you still not had any luck with Ragnok Bill

Hes feeling pretty anti-wizard at the moment said Bill. He hasnt stopped raging about the Bagman business he reckons the Ministry did a cover-up those goblins never got their gold from him you know —

A gale of laughter from the middle of the table drowned the rest of Bills words. Fred George Ron and Mundungus were rolling around in their seats.

. . . and then choked Mundungus tears running down his face and then if youll believe it e says to me e says ‘ere Dung where didja get all them toads from Cos some son of a Bludgers gone and nicked all mine And I says ‘Nicked all your toads Will what next So youll be wanting some more then And if youll believe me lads the gormless gargoyle buys all is own toads back orf me for twice what e paid in the first place —

I dont think we need to hear any more of your business dealings thank you very much Mundungus said Mrs. Weasley sharply as Ron slumped forward onto the table howling with laughter.

Beg pardon Molly said Mundungus at once wiping his eyes and winking at Harry. But you know Will nicked em orf Warty Harris in the first place so I wasnt really doing nothing wrong —

I dont know where you learned about right and wrong Mundungus but you seem to have missed a few crucial lessons said Mrs. Weasley coldly.

Fred and George buried their faces in their goblets of butterbeer; George was hiccuping. For some reason Mrs. Weasley threw a very nasty look at Sirius before getting to her feet and going to fetch a large rhubarb crumble for pudding. Harry looked round at his godfather.

Molly doesnt approve of Mundungus said Sirius in an undertone.

How come hes in the Order Harry said very quietly.

Hes useful Sirius muttered. Knows all the crooks — well he would seeing as hes one himself. But hes also very loyal to Dumbledore who helped him out of a tight spot once. It pays to have someone like Dung around he hears things we dont. But Molly thinks inviting him to stay for dinner is going too far. She hasnt forgiven him for slipping off duty when he was supposed to be tailing you.

Three helpings of rhubarb crumble and custard later and the waistband on Harrys jeans was feeling uncomfortably tight (which was saying something as the jeans had once been Dudleys). He lay down his spoon in a lull in the general conversation. Mr. Weasley was leaning back in his chair looking replete and relaxed Tonks was yawning widely her nose now back to normal and Ginny who had lured Crookshanks out from under the dresser was sitting cross-legged on the floor rolling butterbeer corks for him to chase.

Nearly time for bed I think said Mrs. Weasley on a yawn.

Not just yet Molly said Sirius pushing away his empty plate and turning to look at Harry. You know Im surprised at you. I thought the first thing youd do when you got here would be to start asking questions about Voldemort.

The atmosphere in the room changed with the rapidity Harry associated with the arrival of dementors. Where seconds before it had been sleepily relaxed it was now alert even tense. A frisson had gone around the table at the mention of Voldemorts name. Lupin who had been about to take a sip of wine lowered his goblet slowly looking wary.

I did said Harry indignantly. I asked Ron and Hermione but they said were not allowed in the Order so —

And theyre quite right said Mrs. Weasley. Youre too young.

She was sitting bolt upright in her chair her fists clenched upon its arms every trace of drowsiness gone.

Since when did someone have to be in the Order of the Phoenix to ask questions asked Sirius. Harrys been trapped in that Muggle house for a month. Hes got the right to know whats been happen —

Hang on interrupted George loudly.

How come Harry gets his questions answered said Fred angrily.

Weve been trying to get stuff out of you for a month and you havent told us a single stinking thing said George.

‘Youre too young youre not in the Order said Fred in a high-pitched voice that sounded uncannily like his mothers. Harrys not even of age

Its not my fault you havent been told what the Orders doing said Sirius calmly. Thats your parents decision. Harry on the other hand —

Its not down to you to decide whats good for Harry said Mrs. Weasley sharply. Her normally kindly face looked dangerous. You havent forgotten what Dumbledore said I suppose

Which bit Sirius asked politely but with an air as though readying himself for a fight.

The bit about not telling Harry more than he needs to know said Mrs. Weasley placing a heavy emphasis on the last three words.

Ron Hermione Fred and Georges heads turned from Sirius to Mrs. Weasley as though following a tennis rally. Ginny was kneeling amid a pile of abandoned butterbeer corks watching the conversation with her mouth slightly open. Lupins eyes were fixed on Sirius.

I dont intend to tell him more than he needs to know Molly said Sirius. But as he was the one who saw Voldemort come back (again there was a collective shudder around the table at the name) he has more right than most to —

Hes not a member of the Order of the Phoenix said Mrs. Weasley. Hes only fifteen and —

— and hes dealt with as much as most in the Order said Sirius and more than some —

No ones denying what hes done said Mrs. Weasley her voice rising her fists trembling on the arms of her chair. But hes still —

Hes not a child said Sirius impatiently.

Hes not an adult either said Mrs. Weasley the color rising in her cheeks. Hes not James Sirius

Im perfectly clear who he is thanks Molly said Sirius coldly.

Im not sure you are said Mrs. Weasley. Sometimes the way you talk about him its as though you think youve got your best friend back

Whats wrong with that said Harry.

Whats wrong Harry is that you are not your father however much you might look like him said Mrs. Weasley her eyes still boring into Sirius. You are still at school and adults responsible for you should not forget it

Meaning Im an irresponsible godfather demanded Sirius his voice rising.

Meaning youve been known to act rashly Sirius which is why Dumbledore keeps reminding you to stay at home and —

Well leave my instructions from Dumbledore out of this if you please said Sirius loudly.

Arthur said Mrs. Weasley rounding on her husband. Arthur back me up

Mr. Weasley did not speak at once. He took off his glasses and cleaned them slowly on his robes not looking at his wife. Only when he had replaced them carefully on his nose did he say Dumbledore knows the position has changed Molly. He accepts that Harry will have to be filled in to a certain extent now that he is staying at headquarters —

Yes but theres a difference between that and inviting him to ask whatever he likes

Personally said Lupin quietly looking away from Sirius at last as Mrs. Weasley turned quickly to him hopeful that finally she was about to get an ally I think it better that Harry gets the facts — not all the facts Molly but the general picture — from us rather than a garbled version from . . . others.

His expression was mild but Harry felt sure that Lupin at least knew that some Extendable Ears had survived Mrs. Weasleys purge.

Well said Mrs. Weasley breathing deeply and looking around the table for support that did not come well . . . I can see Im going to be overruled. Ill just say this: Dumbledore must have had his reasons for not wanting Harry to know too much and speaking as someone who has got Harrys best interests at heart —

Hes not your son said Sirius quietly.

Hes as good as said Mrs. Weasley fiercely. Who else has he got

Hes got me

Yes said Mrs. Weasley her lip curling. The thing is its been rather difficult for you to look after him while youve been locked up in Azkaban hasnt it

Sirius started to rise from his chair.

Molly youre not the only person at this table who cares about Harry said Lupin sharply. Sirius sit down.

Mrs. Weasleys lower lip was trembling. Sirius sank slowly back into his chair his face white.

I think Harry ought to be allowed a say in this Lupin continued. Hes old enough to decide for himself.

I want to know whats been going on Harry said at once.

He did not look at Mrs. Weasley. He had been touched by what she had said about his being as good as a son but he was also impatient at her mollycoddling. . . . Sirius was right he was not a child.

Very well said Mrs. Weasley her voice cracking. Ginny — Ron — Hermione — Fred — George — I want you out of this kitchen now.

There was instant uproar.

Were of age Fred and George bellowed together.

If Harrys allowed why cant I shouted Ron.

Mum I want to wailed Ginny.

NO shouted Mrs. Weasley standing up her eyes overbright. I absolutely forbid —

Molly you cant stop Fred and George said Mr. Weasley wearily. They are of age —

Theyre still at school —

But theyre legally adults now said Mr. Weasley in the same tired voice.

Mrs. Weasley was now scarlet in the face.

I — oh all right then Fred and George can stay but Ron —

Harryll tell me and Hermione everything you say anyway said Ron hotly. Wont — wont you he added uncertainly meeting Harrys eyes.

For a split second Harry considered telling Ron that he wouldnt tell him a single word that he could try a taste of being kept in the dark and see how he liked it. But the nasty impulse vanished as they looked at each other.

Course I will Harry said. Ron and Hermione beamed.

Fine shouted Mrs. Weasley. Fine Ginny — BED

Ginny did not go quietly. They could hear her raging and storming at her mother all the way up the stairs and when she reached the hall Mrs. Blacks earsplitting shrieks were added to the din. Lupin hurried off to the portrait to restore calm. It was only after he had returned closing the kitchen door behind him and taking his seat at the table again that Sirius spoke.

Okay Harry . . . what do you want to know

Harry took a deep breath and asked the question that had been obsessing him for a month.

Wheres Voldemort Whats he doing Ive been trying to watch the Muggle news he said ignoring the renewed shudders and winces at the name and there hasnt been anything that looks like him yet no funny deaths or anything —

Thats because there havent been any suspicious deaths yet said Sirius not as far as we know anyway. . . . And we know quite a lot.

More than he thinks we do anyway said Lupin.

How come hes stopped killing people Harry asked. He knew that Voldemort had murdered more than once in the last year alone.

Because he doesnt want to draw attention to himself at the moment said Sirius. It would be dangerous for him. His comeback didnt come off quite the way he wanted it to you see. He messed it up.

Or rather you messed it up for him said Lupin with a satisfied smile.

How Harry asked perplexedly.

You werent supposed to survive said Sirius. Nobody apart from his Death Eaters was supposed to know hed come back. But you survived to bear witness.

And the very last person he wanted alerted to his return the moment he got back was Dumbledore said Lupin. And you made sure Dumbledore knew at once.

How has that helped Harry asked.

Are you kidding said Bill incredulously. Dumbledore was the only one You-Know-Who was ever scared of

Thanks to you Dumbledore was able to recall the Order of the Phoenix about an hour after Voldemort returned said Sirius.

So whats the Order been doing said Harry looking around at them all.

Working as hard as we can to make sure Voldemort cant carry out his plans said Sirius.

How dyou know what his plans are Harry asked quickly.

Dumbledores got a shrewd idea said Lupin and Dumbledores shrewd ideas normally turn out to be accurate.

So what does Dumbledore reckon hes planning

Well firstly he wants to build up his army again said Sirius. In the old days he had huge numbers at his command; witches and wizards hed bullied or bewitched into following him his faithful Death Eaters a great variety of Dark creatures. You heard him planning to recruit the giants; well theyll be just one group hes after. Hes certainly not going to try and take on the Ministry of Magic with only a dozen Death Eaters.

So youre trying to stop him getting more followers

Were doing our best said Lupin.

How

Well the main thing is to try and convince as many people as possible that You-Know-Who really has returned to put them on their guard said Bill. Its proving tricky though.

Why

Because of the Ministrys attitude said Tonks. You saw Cornelius Fudge after You-Know-Who came back Harry. Well he hasnt shifted his position at all. Hes absolutely refusing to believe its happened.

But why said Harry desperately. Whys he being so stupid If Dumbledore —

Ah well youve put your finger on the problem said Mr. Weasley with a wry smile. Dumbledore.

Fudge is frightened of him you see said Tonks sadly.

Frightened of Dumbledore said Harry incredulously.

Frightened of what hes up to said Mr. Weasley. You see Fudge thinks Dumbledores plotting to overthrow him. He thinks Dumbledore wants to be Minister of Magic.

But Dumbledore doesnt want —

Of course he doesnt said Mr. Weasley. Hes never wanted the Ministers job even though a lot of people wanted him to take it when Millicent Bagnold retired. Fudge came to power instead but hes never quite forgotten how much popular support Dumbledore had even though Dumbledore never applied for the job.

Deep down Fudge knows Dumbledores much cleverer than he is a much more powerful wizard and in the early days of his Ministry he was forever asking Dumbledore for help and advice said Lupin. But it seems that hes become fond of power now and much more confident. He loves being Minister of Magic and hes managed to convince himself that hes the clever one and Dumbledores simply stirring up trouble for the sake of it.

How can he think that said Harry angrily. How can he think Dumbledore would just make it all up — that Id make it all up

Because accepting that Voldemorts back would mean trouble like the Ministry hasnt had to cope with for nearly fourteen years said Sirius bitterly. Fudge just cant bring himself to face it. Its so much more comfortable to convince himself Dumbledores lying to destabilize him.

You see the problem said Lupin. While the Ministry insists there is nothing to fear from Voldemort its hard to convince people hes back especially as they really dont want to believe it in the first place. Whats more the Ministrys leaning heavily on the Daily Prophet not to report any of what theyre calling Dumbledores rumor-mongering so most of the Wizarding community are completely unaware anythings happened and that makes them easy targets for the Death Eaters if theyre using the Imperius Curse.

But youre telling people arent you said Harry looking around at Mr. Weasley Sirius Bill Mundungus Lupin and Tonks. Youre letting people know hes back

They all smiled humorlessly.

Well as everyone thinks Im a mad mass murderer and the Ministrys put a ten-thousand-Galleon price on my head I can hardly stroll up the street and start handing out leaflets can I said Sirius restlessly.

And Im not a very popular dinner guest with most of the community said Lupin. Its an occupational hazard of being a werewolf.

Tonks and Arthur would lose their jobs at the Ministry if they started shooting their mouths off said Sirius and its very important for us to have spies inside the Ministry because you can bet Voldemort will have them.

Weve managed to convince a couple of people though said Mr. Weasley. Tonks here for one — shes too young to have been in the Order of the Phoenix last time and having Aurors on our side is a huge advantage — Kingsley Shacklebolts been a real asset too. Hes in charge of the hunt for Sirius so hes been feeding the Ministry information that Sirius is in Tibet.

But if none of yous putting the news out that Voldemorts back — Harry began.

Who said none of us was putting the news out said Sirius. Why dyou think Dumbledores in such trouble

What dyou mean Harry asked.

Theyre trying to discredit him said Lupin. Didnt you see the Daily Prophet last week They reported that hed been voted out of the Chairmanship of the International Confederation of Wizards because hes getting old and losing his grip but its not true he was voted out by Ministry wizards after he made a speech announcing Voldemorts return. Theyve demoted him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot — thats the Wizard High Court — and theyre talking about taking away his Order of Merlin First Class too.

But Dumbledore says he doesnt care what they do as long as they dont take him off the Chocolate Frog cards said Bill grinning.

Its no laughing matter said Mr. Weasley shortly. If he carries on defying the Ministry like this he could end up in Azkaban and the last thing we want is Dumbledore locked up. While You-Know-Who knows Dumbledores out there and wise to what hes up to hes going to go cautiously for a while. If Dumbledores out of the way — well You-Know-Who will have a clear field.

But if Voldemorts trying to recruit more Death Eaters its bound to get out that hes come back isnt it asked Harry desperately.

Voldemort doesnt march up to peoples houses and bang on their front doors Harry said Sirius. He tricks jinxes and blackmails them. Hes well-practiced at operating in secrecy. In any case gathering followers is only one thing hes interested in hes got other plans too plans he can put into operation very quietly indeed and hes concentrating on them at the moment.

Whats he after apart from followers Harry asked swiftly.

He thought he saw Sirius and Lupin exchange the most fleeting of looks before Sirius said Stuff he can only get by stealth.

When Harry continued to look puzzled Sirius said Like a weapon. Something he didnt have last time.

When he was powerful before

Yes.

Like what kind of weapon said Harry. Something worse than the Avada Kedavra — 

Thats enough.

Mrs. Weasley spoke from the shadows beside the door. Harry had not noticed her return from taking Ginny upstairs. Her arms were crossed and she looked furious.

I want you in bed now. All of you she added looking around at Fred George Ron and Hermione.

You cant boss us — Fred began.

Watch me snarled Mrs. Weasley. She was trembling slightly as she looked at Sirius. Youve given Harry plenty of information. Any more and you might just as well induct him into the Order straightaway.

Why not said Harry quickly. Ill join I want to join I want to fight —

No.

It was not Mrs. Weasley who spoke this time but Lupin.

The Order is comprised only of overage wizards he said. Wizards who have left school he added as Fred and George opened their mouths. There are dangers involved of which you can have no idea any of you . . . I think Mollys right Sirius. Weve said enough.

Sirius half-shrugged but did not argue. Mrs. Weasley beckoned imperiously to her sons and Hermione. One by one they stood up and Harry recognizing defeat followed suit.




