




PERCY AND PADFOOT




Harry was the first to awake in his dormitory next morning. He lay for a moment watching dust swirl in the chink of sunlight falling through the gap in his four-posters hangings and savored the thought that it was Saturday. The first week of term seemed to have dragged on forever like one gigantic History of Magic lesson.

Judging by the sleepy silence and the freshly minted look of that beam of sunlight it was just after daybreak. He pulled open the curtains around his bed got up and started to dress. The only sound apart from the distant twittering of birds was the slow deep breathing of his fellow Gryffindors. He opened his schoolbag carefully pulled out parchment and quill and headed out of the dormitory for the common room.

Making straight for his favorite squashy old armchair beside the now extinct fire Harry settled himself down comfortably and unrolled his parchment while looking around the room. The detritus of crumpled-up bits of parchment old Gobstones empty ingredient jars and candy wrappers that usually covered the common room at the end of each day was gone as were all Hermiones elf hats. Wondering vaguely how many elves had now been set free whether they wanted to be or not Harry uncorked his ink bottle dipped his quill into it and then held it suspended an inch above the smooth yellowish surface of his parchment thinking hard. . . . But after a minute or so he found himself staring into the empty grate at a complete loss for what to say.

He could now appreciate how hard it had been for Ron and Hermione to write him letters over the summer. How was he supposed to tell Sirius everything that had happened over the past week and pose all the questions he was burning to ask without giving potential letter-thieves a lot of information he did not want them to have

He sat quite motionless for a while gazing into the fireplace then finally coming to a decision he dipped his quill into the ink bottle once more and set it resolutely upon the parchment.

Dear Snuffles

Hope youre okay the first week back heres been terrible Im really glad its the weekend.

Weve got a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher Professor Umbridge. Shes nearly as nice as your mum. Im writing because that thing I wrote to you about last summer happened again last night when I was doing a detention with Umbridge.

Were all missing our biggest friend we hope hell be back soon.

Please write back quickly.

Best





Harry reread this letter several times trying to see it from the point of view of an outsider. He could not see how they would know what he was talking about — or who he was talking to — just from reading this letter. He did hope Sirius would pick up the hint about Hagrid and tell them when he might be back: Harry did not want to ask directly in case it drew too much attention to what Hagrid might be up to while he was not at Hogwarts.

Considering it was a very short letter it had taken a long time to write; sunlight had crept halfway across the room while he had been working on it and he could now hear distant sounds of movement from the dormitories above. Sealing the parchment carefully he climbed through the portrait hole and headed off for the Owlery.

I would not go that way if I were you said Nearly Headless Nick drifting disconcertingly through a wall just ahead of him as he walked down the passage. Peeves is planning an amusing joke on the next person to pass the bust of Paracelsus halfway down the corridor.

Does it involve Paracelsus falling on top of the persons head asked Harry.

Funnily enough it does said Nearly Headless Nick in a bored voice. Subtlety has never been Peevess strong point. Im off to try and find the Bloody Baron. . . . He might be able to put a stop to it. . . . See you Harry . . .

Yeah bye said Harry and instead of turning right he turned left taking a longer but safer route up to the Owlery. His spirits rose as he walked past window after window showing brilliantly blue sky; he had training later he would be back on the Quidditch pitch at last —

Something brushed his ankles. He looked down and saw the caretakers skeletal gray cat Mrs. Norris slinking past him. She turned lamplike yellow eyes upon him for a moment before disappearing behind a statue of Wilfred the Wistful.

Im not doing anything wrong Harry called after her. She had the unmistakable air of a cat that was off to report to her boss yet Harry could not see why; he was perfectly entitled to walk up to the Owlery on a Saturday morning.

The sun was high in the sky now and when Harry entered the Owlery the glassless windows dazzled his eyes; thick silvery beams of sunlight crisscrossed the circular room in which hundreds of owls nestled on rafters a little restless in the early morning light some clearly just returned from hunting. The straw-covered floor crunched a little as he stepped across tiny animal bones craning his neck for a sight of Hedwig.

There you are he said spotting her somewhere near the very top of the vaulted ceiling. Get down here Ive got a letter for you.

With a low hoot she stretched her great white wings and soared down onto his shoulder.

Right I know this says ‘Snuffles on the outside he told her giving her the letter to clasp in her beak and without knowing exactly why whispering but its for Sirius okay

She blinked her amber eyes once and he took that to mean that she understood.

Safe flight then said Harry and he carried her to one of the windows; with a moments pressure on his arm Hedwig took off into the blindingly bright sky. He watched her until she became a tiny black speck and vanished then switched his gaze to Hagrids hut clearly visible from this window and just as clearly uninhabited the chimney smokeless the curtains drawn.

The treetops of the Forbidden Forest swayed in a light breeze. Harry watched them savoring the fresh air on his face thinking about Quidditch later . . . and then he saw it. A great reptilian winged horse just like the ones pulling the Hogwarts carriages with leathery black wings spread wide like a pterodactyls rose up out of the trees like a grotesque giant bird. It soared in a great circle and then plunged once more into the trees. The whole thing had happened so quickly Harry could hardly believe what he had seen except that his heart was hammering madly.

The Owlery door opened behind him. He leapt in shock and turning quickly saw Cho Chang holding a letter and a parcel in her hands.

Hi said Harry automatically.

Oh . . . hi she said breathlessly. I didnt think anyone would be up here this early. . . . I only remembered five minutes ago its my mums birthday.

She held up the parcel.

Right said Harry. His brain seemed to have jammed. He wanted to say something funny and interesting but the memory of that terrible winged horse was fresh in his mind.

Nice day he said gesturing to the windows. His insides seemed to shrivel with embarrassment. The weather. He was talking about the weather. . . .

Yeah said Cho looking around for a suitable owl. Good Quidditch conditions. I havent been out all week have you

No said Harry.

Cho had selected one of the school barn owls. She coaxed it down onto her arm where it held out an obliging leg so that she could attach the parcel.

Hey has Gryffindor got a new Keeper yet she asked.

Yeah said Harry. Its my friend Ron Weasley dyou know him

The Tornado-hater said Cho rather coolly. Is he any good

Yeah said Harry I think so. I didnt see his tryout though I was in detention.

Cho looked up the parcel only half-attached to the owls legs.

That Umbridge womans foul she said in a low voice. Putting you in detention just because you told the truth about how — how — how he died. Everyone heard about it it was all over the school. You were really brave standing up to her like that.

Harrys insides reinflated so rapidly he felt as though he might actually float a few inches off the dropping-strewn floor. Who cared about a stupid flying horse Cho thought he had been really brave. . . . For a moment he considered accidentally-on-purpose showing her his cut hand as he helped her tie her parcel onto her owl. . . . But the very instant that this thrilling thought occurred the Owlery door opened again.

Filch the caretaker came wheezing into the room. There were purple patches on his sunken veined cheeks his jowls were aquiver and his thin gray hair disheveled; he had obviously run here. Mrs. Norris came trotting at his heels gazing up at the owls overhead and mewing hungrily. There was a restless shifting of wings from above and a large brown owl snapped his beak in a menacing fashion.

Aha said Filch taking a flat-footed step toward Harry his pouchy cheeks trembling with anger. Ive had a tip-off that you are intending to place a massive order for Dungbombs

Harry folded his arms and stared at the caretaker.

Who told you I was ordering Dungbombs

Cho was looking from Harry to Filch also frowning; the barn owl on her arm tired of standing on one leg gave an admonitory hoot but she ignored it.

I have my sources said Filch in a self-satisfied hiss. Now hand over whatever it is youre sending.

Feeling immensely thankful that he had not dawdled in posting off the letter Harry said I cant its gone.

Gone said Filch his face contorting with rage.

Gone said Harry calmly.

Filch opened his mouth furiously mouthed for a few seconds then raked Harrys robes with his eyes. How do I know you havent got it in your pocket

Because —

I saw him send it said Cho angrily.

Filch rounded on her.

You saw him — 

Thats right I saw him she said fiercely.

There was a moments pause in which Filch glared at Cho and Cho glared right back then the caretaker turned and shuffled back toward the door. He stopped with his hand on the handle and looked back at Harry.

If I get so much as a whiff of a Dungbomb . . .

He stumped off down the stairs. Mrs. Norris cast a last longing look at the owls and followed him.

Harry and Cho looked at each other.

Thanks Harry said.

No problem said Cho finally fixing the parcel to the barn owls other leg her face slightly pink. You werent ordering Dungbombs were you

No said Harry.

I wonder why he thought you were then she said as she carried the owl to the window.

Harry shrugged; he was quite as mystified by that as she was though oddly it was not bothering him very much at the moment.

They left the Owlery together. At the entrance of a corridor that led toward the west wing of the castle Cho said Im going this way. Well Ill . . . Ill see you around Harry.

Yeah . . . see you.

She smiled at him and departed. He walked on feeling quietly elated. He had managed to have an entire conversation with her and not embarrassed himself once. . . . You were really brave standing up to her like that. . . . She had called him brave. . . . She did not hate him for being alive. . . .

Of course she had preferred Cedric he knew that. . . . Though if hed only asked her to the ball before Cedric had things might have turned out differently. . . . She had seemed sincerely sorry that she had to refuse when Harry had asked her. . . .

Morning Harry said brightly to Ron and Hermione joining them at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall.

What are you looking so pleased about said Ron eyeing Harry in surprise.

Erm . . . Quidditch later said Harry happily pulling a large platter of bacon and eggs toward him.

Oh . . . yeah . . . said Ron. He put down the bit of toast he was eating and took a large swig of pumpkin juice. Then he said Listen . . . you dont fancy going out a bit earlier with me do you Just to — er — give me some practice before training So I can you know get my eye in a bit . . .

Yeah okay said Harry.

Look I dont think you should said Hermione seriously youre both really behind on homework as it —

But she broke off; the morning post was arriving and as usual the Daily Prophet was soaring toward her in the beak of a screech owl which landed perilously close to the sugar bowl and held out a leg; Hermione pushed a Knut into its leather pouch took the newspaper and scanned the front page critically as the owl took off again.

Anything interesting said Ron; Harry smiled — he knew Ron was keen to get her off the subject of homework.

No she sighed just some guff about the bass player in the Weird Sisters getting married . . .

She opened the paper and disappeared behind it. Harry devoted himself to another helping of eggs and bacon; Ron was staring up at the high windows looking slightly preoccupied.

Wait a moment said Hermione suddenly. Oh no . . . Sirius

Whats happened said Harry and he snatched at the paper so violently that it ripped down the middle so that he and Hermione were holding half each.

‘The Ministry of Magic has received a tip-off from a reliable source that Sirius Black notorious mass murderer . . . blah blah blah . . . is currently hiding in London Hermione read from her half in an anguished whisper.

Lucius Malfoy Ill bet anything said Harry in a low furious voice. He did recognize Sirius on the platform . . .

What said Ron looking alarmed. You didnt say —

Shh said the other two.

. . . ‘Ministry warns Wizarding community that Black is very dangerous . . . killed thirteen people . . . broke out of Azkaban . . . the usual rubbish Hermione concluded laying down her half of the paper and looking fearfully at Harry and Ron. Well he just wont be able to leave the house again thats all she whispered. Dumbledore did warn him not to.

Harry looked down glumly at the bit of the Prophet he had torn off. Most of the page was devoted to an advertisement for Madame Malkins Robes for All Occasions which was apparently having a sale.

Hey he said flattening it down so Hermione and Ron could both see it. Look at this

Ive got all the robes I want said Ron.

No said Harry look . . . this little piece here . . .

Ron and Hermione bent closer to read it; the item was barely an inch long and placed right at the bottom of a column. It was headlined:



TRESPASS AT MINISTRY

Sturgis Podmore 38 of number two Laburnum Gardens Clapham has appeared in front of the Wizengamot charged with trespass and attempted robbery at the Ministry of Magic on 31st August. Podmore was arrested by Ministry of Magic watchwizard Eric Munch who found him attempting to force his way through a top-security door at one oclock in the morning. Podmore who refused to speak in his own defense was convicted on both charges and sentenced to six months in Azkaban.





Sturgis Podmore said Ron slowly but hes that bloke who looks like his heads been thatched isnt he Hes one of the Ord —

Ron shh said Hermione casting a terrified look around them.

Six months in Azkaban whispered Harry shocked. Just for trying to get through a door

Dont be silly it wasnt just for trying to get through a door — what on earth was he doing at the Ministry of Magic at one oclock in the morning breathed Hermione.

Dyou reckon he was doing something for the Order Ron muttered.

Wait a moment . . . said Harry slowly. Sturgis was supposed to come and see us off remember

The other two looked at him.

Yeah he was supposed to be part of our guard going to Kings Cross remember And Moody was all annoyed because he didnt turn up so that doesnt seem like he was supposed to be on a job for them does it

Well maybe they didnt expect him to get caught said Hermione.

It could be a frame-up Ron exclaimed excitedly. No — listen he went on dropping his voice dramatically at the threatening look on Hermiones face. The Ministry suspects hes one of Dumbledores lot so — I dunno — they lured him to the Ministry and he wasnt trying to get through a door at all Maybe theyve just made something up to get him

There was a pause while Harry and Hermione considered this. Harry thought it seemed far-fetched; Hermione on the other hand looked rather impressed and said Do you know I wouldnt be at all surprised if that were true.

She folded up her half of the newspaper thoughtfully. When Harry laid down his knife and fork she seemed to come out of a reverie.

Right well I think we should tackle that essay for Sprout on Self-Fertilizing Shrubs first and if were lucky well be able to start McGonagalls Inanimatus Conjurus before lunch . . .

Harry felt a small twinge of guilt at the thought of the pile of homework awaiting him upstairs but the sky was a clear exhilarating blue and he had not been on his Firebolt all week. . . .

I mean we can do it tonight said Ron as he and Harry walked down the sloping lawns toward the Quidditch pitch their broomsticks over their shoulders Hermiones dire warnings that they would fail all their O.W.L.s still ringing in their ears. And weve got tomorrow. She gets too worked up about work thats her trouble . . . There was a pause and he added in a slightly more anxious tone Dyou think she meant it when she said we werent copying from her

Yeah I do said Harry. Still this is important too weve got to practice if we want to stay on the Quidditch team . . .

Yeah thats right said Ron in a heartened tone. And we have got plenty of time to do it all . . .

Harry glanced over to his right as they approached the Quidditch pitch to where the trees of the Forbidden Forest were swaying darkly. Nothing flew out of them; the sky was empty but for a few distant owls fluttering around the Owlery Tower. He had enough to worry about; the flying horse wasnt doing him any harm: He pushed it out of his mind.

They collected balls from the cupboard in the changing room and set to work Ron guarding the three tall goalposts Harry playing Chaser and trying to get the Quaffle past Ron. Harry thought Ron was pretty good; he blocked three-quarters of the goals Harry attempted to put past him and played better the longer they practiced. After a couple of hours they returned to the school where they ate lunch during which Hermione made it quite clear that she thought they were irresponsible then returned to the Quidditch pitch for the real training session. All their teammates but Angelina were already in the changing room when they entered.

All right Ron said George winking at him.

Yeah said Ron who had become quieter and quieter all the way down to the pitch.

Ready to show us all up Ickle Prefect said Fred emerging tousle-haired from the neck of his Quidditch robes a slightly malicious grin on his face.

Shut up said Ron stony-faced pulling on his own team robes for the first time. They fitted him well considering they had been Oliver Woods who was rather broader in the shoulder.

Okay everyone said Angelina entering from the Captains office already changed. Lets get to it; Alicia and Fred if you can just bring the ball crate out for us. Oh and there are a couple of people out there watching but I want you to just ignore them all right

Something in her would-be casual voice made Harry think he might know who the uninvited spectators were and sure enough when they left the changing room for the bright sunlight of the pitch it was to a storm of catcalls and jeers from the Slytherin Quidditch team and assorted hangers-on who were grouped halfway up the empty stands and whose voices echoed loudly around the stadium.

Whats that Weasleys riding Malfoy called in his sneering drawl. Why would anyone put a Flying Charm on a moldy old log like that

Crabbe Goyle and Pansy Parkinson guffawed and shrieked with laughter. Ron mounted his broom and kicked off from the ground and Harry followed him watching his ears turn red from behind.

Ignore them he said accelerating to catch up with Ron. Well see whos laughing after we play them . . .

Exactly the attitude I want Harry said Angelina approvingly soaring around them with the Quaffle under her arm and slowing to hover on the spot in front of her airborne team. Okay everyone were going to start with some passes just to warm up the whole team please —

Hey Johnson whats with that hairstyle anyway shrieked Pansy Parkinson from below. Why would anyone want to look like theyve got worms coming out of their head

Angelina swept her long braided hair out of her face and said calmly Spread out then and lets see what we can do . . .

Harry reversed away from the others to the far side of the pitch. Ron fell back toward the opposite goal. Angelina raised the Quaffle with one hand and threw it hard to Fred who passed to George who passed to Harry who passed to Ron who dropped it.

The Slytherins led by Malfoy roared and screamed with laughter. Ron who had pelted toward the ground to catch the Quaffle before it landed pulled out of the dive untidily so that he slipped sideways on his broom and returned to playing height blushing. Harry saw Fred and George exchange looks but uncharacteristically neither of them said anything for which he was grateful.

Pass it on Ron called Angelina as though nothing had happened.

Ron threw the Quaffle to Alicia who passed back to Harry who passed to George. . . .

Hey Potter hows your scar feeling called Malfoy. Sure you dont need a lie-down It must be what a whole week since you were in the hospital wing thats a record for you isnt it

Fred passed to Angelina; she reverse passed to Harry who had not been expecting it but caught it in the very tips of his fingers and passed it quickly to Ron who lunged for it and missed by inches.

Come on now Ron said Angelina crossly as Ron dived for the ground again chasing the Quaffle. Pay attention.

It would have been hard to say whether Rons face or the Quaffle was a deeper scarlet when he returned again to playing height. Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherin team were howling with laughter.

On his third attempt Ron caught the Quaffle; perhaps out of relief he passed it on so enthusiastically that it soared straight through Katies outstretched hands and hit her hard in the face.

Sorry Ron groaned zooming forward to see whether he had done any damage.

Get back in position shes fine barked Angelina. But as youre passing to a teammate do try not to knock her off her broom wont you Weve got Bludgers for that

Katies nose was bleeding. Down below the Slytherins were stamping their feet and jeering. Fred and George converged on Katie.

Here take this Fred told her handing her something small and purple from out of his pocket. Itll clear it up in no time.

All right called Angelina Fred George go and get your bats and a Bludger; Ron get up to the goalposts Harry release the Snitch when I say so. Were going to aim for Rons goal obviously.

Harry zoomed off after the twins to fetch the Snitch.

Rons making a right pigs ear of things isnt he muttered George as the three of them landed at the crate containing the balls and opened it to extract one of the Bludgers and the Snitch.

Hes just nervous said Harry. He was fine when I was practicing with him this morning.

Yeah well I hope he hasnt peaked too soon said Fred gloomily.

They returned to the air. When Angelina blew her whistle Harry released the Snitch and Fred and George let fly the Bludger; from that moment on Harry was barely aware of what the others were doing. It was his job to recapture the tiny fluttering golden ball that was worth a hundred and fifty points to the Seekers team and doing so required enormous speed and skill. He accelerated rolling and swerving in and out of the Chasers the warm autumn air whipping his face and the distant yells of the Slytherins so much meaningless roaring in his ears. . . . But too soon the whistle brought him to a halt again.

Stop — stop — STOP screamed Angelina. Ron — youre not covering your middle post

Harry looked around at Ron who was hovering in front of the left-hand hoop leaving the other two completely unprotected.

Oh . . . sorry . . .

You keep shifting around while youre watching the Chasers said Angelina. Either stay in center position until you have to move to defend a hoop or else circle the hoops but dont drift vaguely off to one side thats how you let in the last three goals

Sorry . . . Ron repeated his red face shining like a beacon against the bright blue sky.

And Katie cant you do something about that nosebleed

Its just getting worse said Katie thickly attempting to stem the flow with her sleeve.

Harry glanced around at Fred who was looking anxious and checking his pockets. He saw Fred pull out something purple examine it for a second and then look around at Katie evidently horrorstruck.

Well lets try again said Angelina. She was ignoring the Slytherins who had now set up a chant of Gryffindor are losers Gryffindor are losers but there was a certain rigidity about her seat on the broom nevertheless.

This time they had been flying for barely three minutes when Angelinas whistle sounded. Harry who had just sighted the Snitch circling the opposite goalpost pulled up feeling distinctly aggrieved.

What now he said impatiently to Alicia who was nearest.

Katie she said shortly.

Harry turned and saw Angelina Fred and George all flying as fast as they could toward Katie. Harry and Alicia sped toward her too. It was plain that Angelina had stopped training just in time; Katie was now chalk-white and covered in blood.

She needs the hospital wing said Angelina.

Well take her said Fred. She — er — might have swallowed a Blood Blisterpod by mistake —

Well theres no point continuing with no Beaters and a Chaser gone said Angelina glumly as Fred and George zoomed off toward the castle supporting Katie between them. Come on lets go and get changed.

The Slytherins continued to chant as they trailed back into the changing rooms.

How was practice asked Hermione rather coolly half an hour later as Harry and Ron climbed through the portrait hole into the Gryffindor common room.

It was — Harry began.

Completely lousy said Ron in a hollow voice sinking into a chair beside Hermione. She looked up at Ron and her frostiness seemed to melt.

Well it was only your first one she said consolingly its bound to take time to —

Who said it was me who made it lousy snapped Ron.

No one said Hermione looking taken aback I thought —

You thought I was bound to be rubbish

No of course I didnt Look you said it was lousy so I just —

Im going to get started on some homework said Ron angrily and stomped off to the staircase to the boys dormitories and vanished from sight. Hermione turned to Harry.

Was he lousy

No said Harry loyally.

Hermione raised her eyebrows.

Well I suppose he couldve played better Harry muttered but it was only the first training session like you said . . .

Neither Harry nor Ron seemed to make much headway with their homework that night. Harry knew Ron was too preoccupied with how badly he had performed at Quidditch practice and he himself was having difficulty in getting the chant of Gryffindor are losers out of his head.

They spent the whole of Sunday in the common room buried in their books while the room around them filled up then emptied: It was another clear fine day and most of their fellow Gryffindors spent the day out in the grounds enjoying what might well be some of the last sunshine that year. By the evening Harry felt as though somebody had been beating his brain against the inside of his skull.

You know we probably should try and get more homework done during the week Harry muttered to Ron as they finally laid aside Professor McGonagalls long essay on the Inanimatus Conjurus spell and turned miserably to Professor Sinistras equally long and difficult essay about Jupiters moons.

Yeah said Ron rubbing slightly bloodshot eyes and throwing his fifth spoiled bit of parchment into the fire beside them. Listen . . . shall we just ask Hermione if we can have a look at what shes done

Harry glanced over at her; she was sitting with Crookshanks on her lap and chatting merrily to Ginny as a pair of knitting needles flashed in midair in front of her now knitting a pair of shapeless elf socks.

No he said heavily you know she wont let us.

And so they worked on while the sky outside the windows became steadily darker; slowly the crowd in the common room began to thin again. At half-past eleven Hermione wandered over to them yawning.

Nearly done

No said Ron shortly.

Jupiters biggest moon is Ganymede not Callisto she said pointing over Rons shoulder at a line in his Astronomy essay and its Io thats got the volcanos.

Thanks snarled Ron scratching out the offending sentences.

Sorry I only —

Yeah well if youve just come over here to criticize —

Ron —

I havent got time to listen to a sermon all right Hermione Im up to my neck in it here —

No — look

Hermione was pointing to the nearest window. Harry and Ron both looked over. A handsome screech owl was standing on the windowsill gazing into the room at Ron.

Isnt that Hermes said Hermione sounding amazed.

Blimey it is said Ron quietly throwing down his quill and getting to his feet. Whats Percy writing to me for

He crossed to the window and opened it; Hermes flew inside landed upon Rons essay and held out a leg to which a letter was attached. Ron took it off and the owl departed at once leaving inky footprints across Rons drawing of the moon Io.

Thats definitely Percys handwriting said Ron sinking back into his chair and staring at the words on the outside of the scroll: To Ronald Weasley Gryffindor House Hogwarts. He looked up at the other two. What dyou reckon

Open it said Hermione eagerly. Harry nodded.

Ron unrolled the scroll and began to read. The farther down the parchment his eyes traveled the more pronounced became his scowl. When he had finished reading he looked disgusted. He thrust the letter at Harry and Hermione who leaned toward each other to read it together:

Dear Ron

I have only just heard (from no less a person than the Minister of Magic himself who has it from your new teacher Professor Umbridge) that you have become a Hogwarts prefect.

I was most pleasantly surprised when I heard this news and must firstly offer my congratulations. I must admit that I have always been afraid that you would take what we might call the Fred and George route rather than following in my footsteps so you can imagine my feelings on hearing you have stopped flouting authority and have decided to shoulder some real responsibility.

But I want to give you more than congratulations Ron I want to give you some advice which is why I am sending this at night rather than by the usual morning post. Hopefully you will be able to read this away from prying eyes and avoid awkward questions.

From something the Minister let slip when telling me you are now a prefect I gather that you are still seeing a lot of Harry Potter. I must tell you Ron that nothing could put you in danger of losing your badge more than continued fraternization with that boy. Yes I am sure you are surprised to hear this — no doubt you will say that Potter has always been Dumbledores favorite — but I feel bound to tell you that Dumbledore may not be in charge at Hogwarts much longer and the people who count have a very different — and probably more accurate — view of Potters behavior. I shall say no more here but if you look at the Daily Prophet tomorrow you will get a good idea of the way the wind is blowing — and see if you can spot yours truly

Seriously Ron you do not want to be tarred with the same brush as Potter it could be very damaging to your future prospects and I am talking here about life after school too. As you must be aware given that our father escorted him to court Potter had a disciplinary hearing this summer in front of the whole Wizengamot and he did not come out of it looking too good. He got off on a mere technicality if you ask me and many of the people Ive spoken to remain convinced of his guilt.

It may be that you are afraid to sever ties with Potter — I know that he can be unbalanced and for all I know violent — but if you have any worries about this or have spotted anything else in Potters behavior that is troubling you I urge you to speak to Dolores Umbridge a really delightful woman who I know will be only too happy to advise you.

This leads me to my other bit of advice. As I have hinted above Dumbledores regime at Hogwarts may soon be over. Your loyalty Ron should be not to him but to the school and the Ministry. I am very sorry to hear that so far Professor Umbridge is encountering very little cooperation from staff as she strives to make those necessary changes within Hogwarts that the Ministry so ardently desires (although she should find this easier from next week — again see the Prophet tomorrow). I shall say only this — a student who shows himself willing to help Professor Umbridge now may be very well placed for Head Boyship in a couple of years

I am sorry that I was unable to see more of you over the summer. It pains me to criticize our parents but I am afraid I can no longer live under their roof while they remain mixed up with the dangerous crowd around Dumbledore (if you are writing to Mother at any point you might tell her that a certain Sturgis Podmore who is a great friend of Dumbledores has recently been sent to Azkaban for trespass at the Ministry. Perhaps that will open their eyes to the kind of petty criminals with whom they are currently rubbing shoulders). I count myself very lucky to have escaped the stigma of association with such people — the Minister really could not be more gracious to me — and I do hope Ron that you will not allow family ties to blind you to the misguided nature of our parents beliefs and actions either. I sincerely hope that in time they will realize how mistaken they were and I shall of course be ready to accept a full apology when that day comes.

Please think over what I have said most carefully particularly the bit about Harry Potter and congratulations again on becoming prefect.

Your brother





Harry looked up at Ron.

Well he said trying to sound as though he found the whole thing a joke if you want to — er — what is it (He checked Percys letter.) Oh yeah — ‘sever ties with me I swear I wont get violent.

Give it back said Ron holding out his hand. He is — Ron said jerkily tearing Percys letter in half the worlds — he tore it into quarters — biggest — he tore it into eighths — git. He threw the pieces into the fire.

Come on weve got to get this finished some time before dawn he said briskly to Harry pulling Professor Sinistras essay back toward him.

Hermione was looking at Ron with an odd expression on her face.

Oh give them here she said abruptly.

What said Ron.

Give them to me Ill look through them and correct them she said.

Are you serious Ah Hermione youre a lifesaver said Ron what can I — 

What you can say is ‘We promise well never leave our homework this late again she said holding out both hands for their essays but she looked slightly amused all the same.

Thanks a million Hermione said Harry weakly passing over his essay and sinking back into his armchair rubbing his eyes.

It was now past midnight and the common room was deserted but for the three of them and Crookshanks. The only sound was that of Hermiones quill scratching out sentences here and there on their essays and the ruffle of pages as she checked various facts in the reference books strewn across the table. Harry was exhausted. He also felt an odd sick empty feeling in his stomach that had nothing to do with tiredness and everything to do with the letter now curling blackly in the heart of the fire.

He knew that half the people inside Hogwarts thought him strange even mad; he knew that the Daily Prophet had been making snide allusions to him for months but there was something about seeing it written down like that in Percys writing about knowing that Percy was advising Ron to drop him and even to tell tales on him to Umbridge that made his situation real to him as nothing else had. He had known Percy for four years had stayed in his house during the summers shared a tent with him during the Quidditch World Cup had even been awarded full marks by him in the second task of the Triwizard Tournament last year yet now Percy thought him unbalanced and possibly violent.

And with a surge of sympathy for his godfather Harry thought that Sirius was probably the only person he knew who could really understand how he felt at the moment because Sirius was in the same situation; nearly everyone in the Wizarding world thought Sirius a dangerous murderer and a great Voldemort supporter and he had had to live with that knowledge for fourteen years. . . .

Harry blinked. He had just seen something in the fire that could not have been there. It had flashed into sight and vanished immediately. No . . . it could not have been. . . . He had imagined it because he had been thinking about Sirius. . . .

Okay write that down Hermione said to Ron pushing his essay and a sheet covered in her own writing back to Ron and then copy out this conclusion that Ive written for you.

Hermione you are honestly the most wonderful person Ive ever met said Ron weakly and if Im ever rude to you again —

— Ill know youre back to normal said Hermione. Harry yours is okay except for this bit at the end I think you must have misheard Professor Sinistra Europas covered in ice not mice — Harry

Harry had slid off his chair onto his knees and was now crouching on the singed and threadbare hearthrug gazing into the flames.

Er — Harry said Ron uncertainly. Why are you down there

Because Ive just seen Siriuss head in the fire said Harry.

He spoke quite calmly; after all he had seen Siriuss head in this very fire the previous year and talked to it too. Nevertheless he could not be sure that he had really seen it this time. . . . It had vanished so quickly. . . .

Siriuss head Hermione repeated. You mean like when he wanted to talk to you during the Triwizard Tournament But he wouldnt do that now it would be too — Sirius

She gasped gazing at the fire; Ron dropped his quill. There in the middle of the dancing flames sat Siriuss head long dark hair falling around his grinning face.

I was starting to think youd go to bed before everyone else had disappeared he said. Ive been checking every hour.

Youve been popping into the fire every hour Harry said half laughing.

Just for a few seconds to check if the coast was clear yet.

But what if youd been seen said Hermione anxiously.

Well I think a girl — first year by the look of her — mightve got a glimpse of me earlier but dont worry Sirius said hastily as Hermione clapped a hand to her mouth. I was gone the moment she looked back at me and Ill bet she just thought I was an oddly shaped log or something.

But Sirius this is taking an awful risk — Hermione began.

You sound like Molly said Sirius. This was the only way I could come up with of answering Harrys letter without resorting to a code — and codes are breakable.

At the mention of Harrys letter Hermione and Ron had both turned to stare at him.

You didnt say youd written to Sirius said Hermione accusingly.

I forgot said Harry which was perfectly true; his meeting with Cho in the Owlery had driven everything before it out of his mind. Dont look at me like that Hermione there was no way anyone would have got secret information out of it was there Sirius

No it was very good said Sirius smiling. Anyway wed better be quick just in case were disturbed — your scar.

What about —  Ron began but Hermione said quickly Well tell you afterward go on Sirius.

Well I know it cant be fun when it hurts but we dont think its anything to really worry about. It kept aching all last year didnt it

Yeah and Dumbledore said it happened whenever Voldemort was feeling a powerful emotion said Harry ignoring as usual Ron and Hermiones winces. So maybe he was just I dunno really angry or something the night I had that detention.

Well now hes back its bound to hurt more often said Sirius.

So you dont think it had anything to do with Umbridge touching me when I was in detention with her Harry asked.

I doubt it said Sirius. I know her by reputation and Im sure shes no Death Eater —

Shes foul enough to be one said Harry darkly and Ron and Hermione nodded vigorously in agreement.

Yes but the world isnt split into good people and Death Eaters said Sirius with a wry smile. I know shes a nasty piece of work though — you should hear Remus talk about her.

Does Lupin know her asked Harry quickly remembering Umbridges comments about dangerous half-breeds during her first lesson.

No said Sirius but she drafted a bit of anti-werewolf legislation two years ago that makes it almost impossible for him to get a job.

Harry remembered how much shabbier Lupin looked these days and his dislike of Umbridge deepened even further.

Whats she got against werewolves said Hermione angrily.

Scared of them I expect said Sirius smiling at her indignation. Apparently she loathes part-humans; she campaigned to have merpeople rounded up and tagged last year too. Imagine wasting your time and energy persecuting merpeople when there are little toerags like Kreacher on the loose —

Ron laughed but Hermione looked upset.

Sirius she said reproachfully. Honestly if you made a bit of an effort with Kreacher Im sure hed respond after all you are the only member of his family hes got left and Professor Dumbledore said —

So what are Umbridges lessons like Sirius interrupted. Is she training you all to kill half-breeds

No said Harry ignoring Hermiones affronted look at being cut off in her defense of Kreacher. Shes not letting us use magic at all

All we do is read the stupid textbook said Ron.

Ah well that figures said Sirius. Our information from inside the Ministry is that Fudge doesnt want you trained in combat.

Trained in combat repeated Harry incredulously. What does he think were doing here forming some sort of wizard army

Thats exactly what he thinks youre doing said Sirius or rather thats exactly what hes afraid Dumbledores doing — forming his own private army with which he will be able to take on the Ministry of Magic.

There was a pause at this then Ron said Thats the stupidest thing Ive ever heard including all the stuff that Luna Lovegood comes out with.

So were being prevented from learning Defense Against the Dark Arts because Fudge is scared well use spells against the Ministry said Hermione looking furious.

Yep said Sirius. Fudge thinks Dumbledore will stop at nothing to seize power. Hes getting more paranoid about Dumbledore by the day. Its a matter of time before he has Dumbledore arrested on some trumped-up charge.

This reminded Harry of Percys letter.

Dyou know if theres going to be anything about Dumbledore in the Daily Prophet tomorrow Only Rons brother Percy reckons there will be —

I dont know said Sirius I havent seen anyone from the Order all weekend theyre all busy. Its just been Kreacher and me here . . .

There was a definite note of bitterness in Siriuss voice.

So you havent had any news about Hagrid either

Ah . . . said Sirius well he was supposed to be back by now no ones sure whats happened to him. Then seeing their stricken faces he added quickly But Dumbledores not worried so dont you three get yourselves in a state; Im sure Hagrids fine.

But if he was supposed to be back by now . . . said Hermione in a small worried voice.

Madame Maxime was with him weve been in touch with her and she says they got separated on the journey home — but theres nothing to suggest hes hurt or — well nothing to suggest hes not perfectly okay.

Unconvinced Harry Ron and Hermione exchanged worried looks.

Listen dont go asking too many questions about Hagrid said Sirius hastily itll just draw even more attention to the fact that hes not back and I know Dumbledore doesnt want that. Hagrids tough hell be okay. And when they did not appear cheered by this Sirius added Whens your next Hogsmeade weekend anyway I was thinking we got away with the dog disguise at the station didnt we I thought I could —

NO said Harry and Hermione together very loudly.

Sirius didnt you see the Daily Prophet said Hermione anxiously.

Oh that said Sirius grinning theyre always guessing where I am they havent really got a clue —

Yeah but we think this time they have said Harry. Something Malfoy said on the train made us think he knew it was you and his father was on the platform Sirius — you know Lucius Malfoy — so dont come up here whatever you do if Malfoy recognizes you again —

All right all right Ive got the point said Sirius. He looked most displeased. Just an idea thought you might like to get together —

I would I just dont want you chucked back in Azkaban said Harry.

There was a pause in which Sirius looked out of the fire at Harry a crease between his sunken eyes.

Youre less like your father than I thought he said finally a definite coolness in his voice. The risk wouldve been what made it fun for James.

Look —

Well Id better get going I can hear Kreacher coming down the stairs said Sirius but Harry was sure he was lying. Ill write to tell you a time I can make it back into the fire then shall I If you can stand to risk it

There was a tiny pop and the place where Siriuss head had been was flickering flame once more.




