




ST. MUNGOS HOSPITAL FOR MAGICAL MALADIES AND INJURIES




Harry was so relieved that she was taking him seriously that he did not hesitate but jumped out of bed at once pulled on his dressing gown and pushed his glasses back onto his nose.

Weasley you ought to come too said Professor McGonagall.

They followed Professor McGonagall past the silent figures of Neville Dean and Seamus out of the dormitory down the spiral stairs into the common room through the portrait hole and off along the Fat Ladys moonlit corridor. Harry felt as though the panic inside him might spill over at any moment; he wanted to run to yell for Dumbledore. Mr. Weasley was bleeding as they walked along so sedately and what if those fangs (Harry tried hard not to think my fangs) had been poisonous They passed Mrs. Norris who turned her lamplike eyes upon them and hissed faintly but Professor McGonagall said Shoo Mrs. Norris slunk away into the shadows and in a few minutes they had reached the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office.

Fizzing Whizbee said Professor McGonagall.

The gargoyle sprang to life and leapt aside; the wall behind it split in two to reveal a stone staircase that was moving continuously upward like a spiral escalator. The three of them stepped onto the moving stairs; the wall closed behind them with a thud and they were moving upward in tight circles until they reached the highly polished oak door with the brass knocker shaped like a griffin.

Though it was now well past midnight there were voices coming from inside the room a positive babble of them. It sounded as though Dumbledore was entertaining at least a dozen people.

Professor McGonagall rapped three times with the griffin knocker and the voices ceased abruptly as though someone had switched them all off. The door opened of its own accord and Professor McGonagall led Harry and Ron inside.

The room was in half darkness; the strange silver instruments standing on tables were silent and still rather than whirring and emitting puffs of smoke as they usually did. The portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses covering the walls were all snoozing in their frames. Behind the door a magnificent red-and-gold bird the size of a swan dozed on its perch with its head under its wing.

Oh its you Professor McGonagall . . . and . . . ah.

Dumbledore was sitting in a high-backed chair behind his desk; he leaned forward into the pool of candlelight illuminating the papers laid out before him. He was wearing a magnificently embroidered purple-and-gold dressing gown over a snowy-white nightshirt but seemed wide awake his penetrating light-blue eyes fixed intently upon Professor McGonagall.

Professor Dumbledore Potter has had a . . . well a nightmare said Professor McGonagall. He says . . .

It wasnt a nightmare said Harry quickly.

Professor McGonagall looked around at Harry frowning slightly.

Very well then Potter you tell the headmaster about it.

I . . . well I was asleep . . . said Harry and even in his terror and his desperation to make Dumbledore understand he felt slightly irritated that the headmaster was not looking at him but examining his own interlocked fingers. But it wasnt an ordinary dream . . . it was real. . . . I saw it happen . . . He took a deep breath Rons dad — Mr. Weasley — has been attacked by a giant snake.

The words seemed to reverberate in the air after he had said them slightly ridiculous even comic. There was a pause in which Dumbledore leaned back and stared meditatively at the ceiling. Ron looked from Harry to Dumbledore white-faced and shocked.

How did you see this Dumbledore asked quietly still not looking at Harry.

Well . . . I dont know said Harry rather angrily — what did it matter Inside my head I suppose —

You misunderstand me said Dumbledore still in the same calm tone. I mean . . . can you remember — er — where you were positioned as you watched this attack happen Were you perhaps standing beside the victim or else looking down on the scene from above

This was such a curious question that Harry gaped at Dumbledore; it was almost as though he knew . . .

I was the snake he said. I saw it all from the snakes point of view . . .

Nobody else spoke for a moment then Dumbledore now looking at Ron who was still whey-faced said in a new and sharper voice Is Arthur seriously injured

Yes said Harry emphatically — why were they all so slow on the uptake did they not realize how much a person bled when fangs that long pierced their side And why could Dumbledore not do him the courtesy of looking at him

But Dumbledore stood up so quickly that Harry jumped and addressed one of the old portraits hanging very near the ceiling.

Everard he said sharply. And you too Dilys

A sallow-faced wizard with short black bangs and an elderly witch with long silver ringlets in the frame beside him both of whom seemed to have been in the deepest of sleeps opened their eyes immediately.

You were listening said Dumbledore.

The wizard nodded the witch said Naturally.

The man has red hair and glasses said Dumbledore. Everard you will need to raise the alarm make sure he is found by the right people —

Both nodded and moved sideways out of their frames but instead of emerging in neighboring pictures (as usually happened at Hogwarts) neither reappeared; one frame now contained nothing but a backdrop of dark curtain the other a handsome leather armchair. Harry noticed that many of the other headmasters and mistresses on the walls though snoring and drooling most convincingly kept sneaking peeks at him under their eyelids and he suddenly understood who had been talking when they had knocked.

Everard and Dilys were two of Hogwartss most celebrated Heads Dumbledore said now sweeping around Harry Ron and Professor McGonagall and approaching the magnificent sleeping bird on his perch beside the door. Their renown is such that both have portraits hanging in other important Wizarding institutions. As they are free to move between their own portraits they can tell us what may be happening elsewhere . . .

But Mr. Weasley could be anywhere said Harry.

Please sit down all three of you said Dumbledore as though Harry had not spoken. Everard and Dilys may not be back for several minutes. . . . Professor McGonagall if you could draw up extra chairs . . .

Professor McGonagall pulled her wand from the pocket of her dressing gown and waved it; three chairs appeared out of thin air straight-backed and wooden quite unlike the comfortable chintz armchairs that Dumbledore had conjured back at Harrys hearing. Harry sat down watching Dumbledore over his shoulder. Dumbledore was now stroking Fawkess plumed golden head with one finger. The phoenix awoke immediately. He stretched his beautiful head high and observed Dumbledore through bright dark eyes.

We will need said Dumbledore very quietly to the bird a warning.

There was a flash of fire and the phoenix had gone.

Dumbledore now swooped down upon one of the fragile silver instruments whose function Harry had never known carried it over to his desk sat down facing them again and tapped it gently with the tip of his wand.

The instrument tinkled into life at once with rhythmic clinking noises. Tiny puffs of pale green smoke issued from the minuscule silver tube at the top. Dumbledore watched the smoke closely his brow furrowed and after a few seconds the tiny puffs became a steady stream of smoke that thickened and coiled in the air. . . . A serpents head grew out of the end of it opening its mouth wide. Harry wondered whether the instrument was confirming his story: He looked eagerly at Dumbledore for a sign that he was right but Dumbledore did not look up.

Naturally naturally murmured Dumbledore apparently to himself still observing the stream of smoke without the slightest sign of surprise. But in essence divided

Harry could make neither head nor tail of this question. The smoke serpent however split itself instantly into two snakes both coiling and undulating in the dark air. With a look of grim satisfaction Dumbledore gave the instrument another gentle tap with his wand: The clinking noise slowed and died and the smoke serpents grew faint became a formless haze and vanished.

Dumbledore replaced the instrument upon its spindly little table; Harry saw many of the old headmasters in the portraits follow him with their eyes then realizing that Harry was watching them hastily pretend to be sleeping again. Harry wanted to ask what the strange silver instrument was for but before he could do so there was a shout from the top of the wall to their right; the wizard called Everard had reappeared in his portrait panting slightly.

Dumbledore

What news said Dumbledore at once.

I yelled until someone came running said the wizard who was mopping his brow on the curtain behind him said Id heard something moving downstairs — they werent sure whether to believe me but went down to check — you know there are no portraits down there to watch from. Anyway they carried him up a few minutes later. He doesnt look good hes covered in blood I ran along to Elfrida Craggs portrait to get a good view as they left —

Good said Dumbledore as Ron made a convulsive movement I take it Dilys will have seen him arrive then —

And moments later the silver-ringletted witch had reappeared in her picture too; she sank coughing into her armchair and said Yes theyve taken him to St. Mungos Dumbledore. . . . They carried him past under my portrait. . . . He looks bad . . .

Thank you said Dumbledore. He looked around at Professor McGonagall.

Minerva I need you to go and wake the other Weasley children.

Of course . . .

Professor McGonagall got up and moved swiftly to the door; Harry cast a sideways glance at Ron who was now looking terrified.

And Dumbledore — what about Molly said Professor McGonagall pausing at the door.

That will be a job for Fawkes when he has finished keeping a lookout for anybody approaching said Dumbledore. But she may already know . . . that excellent clock of hers . . .

Harry knew Dumbledore was referring to the clock that told not the time but the whereabouts and conditions of the various Weasley family members and with a pang he thought that Mr. Weasleys hand must even now be pointing at mortal peril. But it was very late. . . . Mrs. Weasley was probably asleep not watching the clock. . . . And he felt cold as he remembered Mrs. Weasleys boggart turning into Mr. Weasleys lifeless body his glasses askew blood running down his face. . . . But Mr. Weasley wasnt going to die. . . . He couldnt. . . .

Dumbledore was now rummaging in a cupboard behind Harry and Ron. He emerged from it carrying a blackened old kettle which he placed carefully upon his desk. He raised his wand and murmured Portus; for a moment the kettle trembled glowing with an odd blue light then it quivered to a rest as solidly black as ever.

Dumbledore marched over to another portrait this time of a clever-looking wizard with a pointed beard who had been painted wearing the Slytherin colors of green and silver and was apparently sleeping so deeply that he could not hear Dumbledores voice when he attempted to rouse him.

Phineas. Phineas.

And now the subjects of the portraits lining the room were no longer pretending to be asleep; they were shifting around in their frames the better to watch what was happening. When the clever-looking wizard continued to feign sleep some of them shouted his name too.

Phineas Phineas PHINEAS

He could not pretend any longer; he gave a theatrical jerk and opened his eyes wide.

Did someone call

I need you to visit your other portrait again Phineas said Dumbledore. Ive got another message.

Visit my other portrait said Phineas in a reedy voice giving a long fake yawn (his eyes traveling around the room and focusing upon Harry). Oh no Dumbledore I am too tired tonight . . .

Something about Phineass voice was familiar to Harry. Where had he heard it before But before he could think the portraits on the surrounding walls broke into a storm of protest.

Insubordination sir roared a corpulent red-nosed wizard brandishing his fists. Dereliction of duty

We are honor-bound to give service to the present headmaster of Hogwarts cried a frail-looking old wizard whom Harry recognized as Dumbledores predecessor Armando Dippet. Shame on you Phineas

Shall I persuade him Dumbledore called a gimlet-eyed witch raising an unusually thick wand that looked not unlike a birch rod.

Oh very well said the wizard called Phineas eyeing this wand slightly apprehensively though he may well have destroyed my picture by now hes done most of the family —

Sirius knows not to destroy your portrait said Dumbledore and Harry realized immediately where he had heard Phineass voice before: issuing from the apparently empty frame in his bedroom in Grimmauld Place. You are to give him the message that Arthur Weasley has been gravely injured and that his wife children and Harry Potter will be arriving at his house shortly. Do you understand

Arthur Weasley injured wife and children and Harry Potter coming to stay recited Phineas in a bored voice. Yes yes . . . very well . . .

He sloped away into the frame of the portrait and disappeared from view at the very moment that the study door opened again. Fred George and Ginny were ushered inside by Professor McGonagall all three of them looking disheveled and shocked still in their night things.

Harry — whats going on asked Ginny who looked frightened. Professor McGonagall says you saw Dad hurt —

Your father has been injured in the course of his work for the Order of the Phoenix said Dumbledore before Harry could speak. He has been taken to St. Mungos Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. I am sending you back to Siriuss house which is much more convenient for the hospital than the Burrow. You will meet your mother there.

Howre we going asked Fred looking shaken. Floo powder

No said Dumbledore Floo powder is not safe at the moment the Network is being watched. You will be taking a Portkey. He indicated the old kettle lying innocently on his desk. We are just waiting for Phineas Nigellus to report back. . . . I wish to be sure that the coast is clear before sending you —

There was a flash of flame in the very middle of the office leaving behind a single golden feather that floated gently to the floor.

It is Fawkess warning said Dumbledore catching the feather as it fell. She must know youre out of your beds. . . . Minerva go and head her off — tell her any story —

Professor McGonagall was gone in a swish of tartan.

He says hell be delighted said a bored voice behind Dumbledore; the wizard called Phineas had reappeared in front of his Slytherin banner. My great-great-grandson has always had odd taste in houseguests . . .

Come here then Dumbledore said to Harry and the Weasleys. And quickly before anyone else joins us . . .

Harry and the others gathered around Dumbledores desk.

You have all used a Portkey before asked Dumbledore and they nodded each reaching out to touch some part of the blackened kettle. Good. On the count of three then . . . one . . . two . . .

It happened in a fraction of a second: In the infinitesimal pause before Dumbledore said three Harry looked up at him — they were very close together — and Dumbledores clear blue gaze moved from the Portkey to Harrys face.

At once Harrys scar burned white-hot as though the old wound had burst open again — and unbidden unwanted but terrifyingly strong there rose within Harry a hatred so powerful he felt for that instant that he would like nothing better than to strike — to bite — to sink his fangs into the man before him —

. . . three.

He felt a powerful jerk behind his navel the ground vanished from beneath his feet his hand was glued to the kettle; he was banging into the others as all sped forward in a swirl of colors and a rush of wind the kettle pulling them onward and then —

His feet hit the ground so hard that his knees buckled the kettle clattered to the ground and somewhere close at hand a voice said Back again the blood traitor brats is it true their fathers dying . . . 

OUT roared a second voice.

Harry scrambled to his feet and looked around; they had arrived in the gloomy basement kitchen of number twelve Grimmauld Place. The only sources of light were the fire and one guttering candle which illuminated the remains of a solitary supper. Kreacher was disappearing through the door to the hall looking back at them malevolently as he hitched up his loincloth; Sirius was hurrying toward them all looking anxious. He was unshaven and still in his day clothes; there was also a slightly Mundungus-like whiff of stale drink about him.

Whats going on he said stretching out a hand to help Ginny up. Phineas Nigellus said Arthurs been badly injured —

Ask Harry said Fred.

Yeah I want to hear this for myself said George.

The twins and Ginny were staring at him. Kreachers footsteps had stopped on the stairs outside.

It was — Harry began; this was even worse than telling McGonagall and Dumbledore. I had a — a kind of — vision . . .

And he told them all that he had seen though he altered the story so that it sounded as though he had watched from the sidelines as the snake attacked rather than from behind the snakes own eyes. . . . Ron who was still very white gave him a fleeting look but did not speak. When Harry had finished Fred George and Ginny continued to stare at him for a moment. Harry did not know whether he was imagining it or not but he fancied there was something accusatory in their looks. Well if they were going to blame him for just seeing the attack he was glad he had not told them that he had been inside the snake at the time. . . .

Is Mum here said Fred turning to Sirius.

She probably doesnt even know whats happened yet said Sirius. The important thing was to get you away before Umbridge could interfere. I expect Dumbledores letting Molly know now.

Weve got to go to St. Mungos said Ginny urgently. She looked around at her brothers; they were of course still in their pajamas. Sirius can you lend us cloaks or anything — 

Hang on you cant go tearing off to St. Mungos said Sirius.

Course we can go to St. Mungos if we want said Fred with a mulish expression hes our dad

And how are you going to explain how you knew Arthur was attacked before the hospital even let his wife know

What does that matter said George hotly.

It matters because we dont want to draw attention to the fact that Harry is having visions of things that are happening hundreds of miles away said Sirius angrily. Have you any idea what the Ministry would make of that information

Fred and George looked as though they could not care less what the Ministry made of anything. Ron was still white-faced and silent. Ginny said Somebody else could have told us. . . . We could have heard it somewhere other than Harry . . .

Like who said Sirius impatiently. Listen your dads been hurt while on duty for the Order and the circumstances are fishy enough without his children knowing about it seconds after it happened you could seriously damage the Orders —

We dont care about the dumb Order shouted Fred.

Its our dad dying were talking about yelled George.

Your father knew what he was getting into and he wont thank you for messing things up for the Order said Sirius angrily in his turn. This is how it is — this is why youre not in the Order — you dont understand — there are things worth dying for

Easy for you to say stuck here bellowed Fred. I dont see you risking your neck

The little color remaining in Siriuss face drained from it. He looked for a moment as though he would quite like to hit Fred but when he spoke it was in a voice of determined calm. I know its hard but weve all got to act as though we dont know anything yet. Weve got to stay put at least until we hear from your mother all right

Fred and George still looked mutinous. Ginny however took a few steps over to the nearest chair and sank into it. Harry looked at Ron who made a funny movement somewhere between a nod and shrug and they sat down too. The twins glared at Sirius for another minute then took seats on either side of Ginny.

Thats right said Sirius encouragingly come on lets all . . . lets all have a drink while were waiting. Accio Butterbeer

He raised his wand as he spoke and half a dozen bottles came flying toward them out of the pantry skidded along the table scattering the debris of Siriuss meal and stopped neatly in front of the six of them. They all drank and for a while the only sounds were those of the crackling of the kitchen fire and the soft thud of their bottles on the table.

Harry was only drinking to have something to do with his hands. His stomach was full of horrible hot bubbling guilt. They would not be here if it were not for him; they would all still be asleep in bed. And it was no good telling himself that by raising the alarm he had ensured that Mr. Weasley was found because there was also the inescapable business of it being he who had attacked Mr. Weasley in the first place. . . .

Dont be stupid you havent got fangs he told himself trying to keep calm though the hand on his butterbeer bottle was shaking. You were lying in bed you werent attacking anyone. . . .

But then what just happened in Dumbledores office he asked himself. I felt like I wanted to attack Dumbledore too. . . .

He put the bottle down on the table a little harder than he meant to so that it slopped over onto the table. No one took any notice. Then a burst of fire in midair illuminated the dirty plates in front of them and as they gave cries of shock a scroll of parchment fell with a thud onto the table accompanied by a single golden phoenix tail feather.

Fawkes said Sirius at once snatching up the parchment. Thats not Dumbledores writing — it must be a message from your mother — here —

He thrust the letter into Georges hand who ripped it open and read aloud Dad is still alive. I am setting out for St. Mungos now. Stay where you are. I will send news as soon as I can. Mum.

George looked around the table.

Still alive . . . he said slowly. But that makes it sound . . .

He did not need to finish the sentence. It sounded to Harry too as though Mr. Weasley was hovering somewhere between life and death. Still exceptionally pale Ron stared at the back of his mothers letter as though it might speak words of comfort to him. Fred pulled the parchment out of Georges hands and read it for himself then looked up at Harry who felt his hand shaking on his butterbeer bottle again and clenched it more tightly to stop the trembling.

If Harry had ever sat through a longer night than this one he could not remember it. Sirius suggested once that they all go to bed but without any real conviction and the Weasleys looks of disgust were answer enough. They mostly sat in silence around the table watching the candle wick sinking lower and lower into liquid wax now and then raising bottles to their lips speaking only to check the time to wonder aloud what was happening and to reassure one another that if there was bad news they would know straightaway for Mrs. Weasley must long since have arrived at St. Mungos.

Fred fell into a doze his head sagging sideways onto his shoulder. Ginny was curled like a cat on her chair but her eyes were open; Harry could see them reflecting the firelight. Ron was sitting with his head in his hands whether awake or asleep it was impossible to tell. And he and Sirius looked at each other every so often intruders upon the family grief waiting . . . waiting . . .

And then at ten past five in the morning by Rons watch the door swung open and Mrs. Weasley entered the kitchen. She was extremely pale but when they all turned to look at her Fred Ron and Harry half-rising from their chairs she gave a wan smile.

Hes going to be all right she said her voice weak with tiredness. Hes sleeping. We can all go and see him later. Bills sitting with him now hes going to take the morning off work.

Fred fell back into his chair with his hands over his face. George and Ginny got up walked swiftly over to their mother and hugged her. Ron gave a very shaky laugh and downed the rest of his butterbeer in one.

Breakfast said Sirius loudly and joyfully jumping to his feet. Wheres that accursed house-elf Kreacher KREACHER

But Kreacher did not answer the summons.

Oh forget it then muttered Sirius counting the people in front of him. So its breakfast for — lets see — seven . . . Bacon and eggs I think and some tea and toast —

Harry hurried over to the stove to help. He did not want to intrude upon the Weasleys happiness and he dreaded the moment when Mrs. Weasley would ask him to recount his vision. However he had barely taken plates from the dresser when Mrs. Weasley lifted them out of his hands and pulled him into a hug.

I dont know what would have happened if it hadnt been for you Harry she said in a muffled voice. They might not have found Arthur for hours and then it would have been too late but thanks to you hes alive and Dumbledores been able to think up a good cover story for Arthur being where he was youve no idea what trouble he would have been in otherwise look at poor Sturgis . . .

Harry could hardly stand her gratitude but fortunately she soon released him to turn to Sirius and thank him for looking after her children through the night. Sirius said that he was very pleased to have been able to help and hoped they would all stay with him as long as Mr. Weasley was in hospital.

Oh Sirius Im so grateful. . . . They think hell be there a little while and it would be wonderful to be nearer . . . Of course that might mean were here for Christmas . . .

The more the merrier said Sirius with such obvious sincerity that Mrs. Weasley beamed at him threw on an apron and began to help with breakfast.

Sirius Harry muttered unable to stand it a moment longer. Can I have a quick word Er — now

He walked into the dark pantry and Sirius followed. Without preamble Harry told his godfather every detail of the vision he had had including the fact that he himself had been the snake who had attacked Mr. Weasley.

When he paused for breath Sirius said Did you tell Dumbledore this

Yes said Harry impatiently but he didnt tell me what it meant. Well he doesnt tell me anything anymore . . .

Im sure he would have told you if it was anything to worry about said Sirius steadily.

But thats not all said Harry in a voice only a little above a whisper. Sirius I . . . I think Im going mad. . . . Back in Dumbledores office just before we took the Portkey . . . for a couple of seconds there I thought I was a snake I felt like one — my scar really hurt when I was looking at Dumbledore — Sirius I wanted to attack him —

He could only see a sliver of Siriuss face; the rest was in darkness.

It must have been the aftermath of the vision thats all said Sirius. You were still thinking of the dream or whatever it was and —

It wasnt that said Harry shaking his head. It was like something rose up inside me like theres a snake inside me —

You need to sleep said Sirius firmly. Youre going to have breakfast and then go upstairs to bed and then you can go and see Arthur after lunch with the others. Youre in shock Harry; youre blaming yourself for something you only witnessed and its lucky you did witness it or Arthur might have died. Just stop worrying . . .

He clapped Harry on the shoulder and left the pantry leaving Harry standing alone in the dark.


Everyone but Harry spent the rest of the morning sleeping. He went up to the bedroom he had shared with Ron over the summer but while Ron crawled into bed and was asleep within minutes Harry sat fully clothed hunched against the cold metal bars of the bedstead keeping himself deliberately uncomfortable determined not to fall into a doze terrified that he might become the serpent again in his sleep and awake to find that he had attacked Ron or else slithered through the house after one of the others. . . .

When Ron woke up Harry pretended to have enjoyed a refreshing nap too. Their trunks arrived from Hogwarts while they were eating lunch so that they could dress as Muggles for the trip to St. Mungos. Everybody except Harry was riotously happy and talkative as they changed out of their robes into jeans and sweatshirts and they greeted Tonks and Mad-Eye who had turned up to escort them across London gleefully laughing at the bowler hat Mad-Eye was wearing at an angle to conceal his magical eye and assuring him truthfully that Tonks whose hair was short and bright pink again would attract far less attention on the underground.

Tonks was very interested in Harrys vision of the attack on Mr. Weasley something he was not remotely interested in discussing.

There isnt any Seer blood in your family is there she inquired curiously as they sat side by side on a train rattling toward the heart of the city.

No said Harry thinking of Professor Trelawney and feeling insulted.

No said Tonks musingly no I suppose its not really prophecy youre doing is it I mean youre not seeing the future youre seeing the present. . . . Its odd isnt it Useful though . . .

Harry did not answer; fortunately they got out at the next stop a station in the very heart of London and in the bustle of leaving the train he was able to allow Fred and George to get between himself and Tonks who was leading the way. They all followed her up the escalator Moody clunking along at the back of the group his bowler tilted low and one gnarled hand stuck in between the buttons of his coat clutching his wand. Harry thought he sensed the concealed eye staring hard at him; trying to deflect more questions about his dream he asked Mad-Eye where St. Mungos was hidden.

Not far from here grunted Moody as they stepped out into the wintry air on a broad store-lined street packed with Christmas shoppers. He pushed Harry a little ahead of him and stumped along just behind; Harry knew the eye was rolling in all directions under the tilted hat. Wasnt easy to find a good location for a hospital. Nowhere in Diagon Alley was big enough and we couldnt have it underground like the Ministry — unhealthy. In the end they managed to get hold of a building up here. Theory was sick wizards could come and go and just blend in with the crowd . . .

He seized Harrys shoulder to prevent them being separated by a gaggle of shoppers plainly intent on nothing but making it into a nearby shop full of electrical gadgets.

Here we go said Moody a moment later.

They had arrived outside a large old-fashioned red brick department store called Purge and Dowse Ltd. The place had a shabby miserable air; the window displays consisted of a few chipped dummies with their wigs askew standing at random and modeling fashions at least ten years out of date. Large signs on all the dusty doors read CLOSED FOR REFURBISHMENT. Harry distinctly heard a large woman laden with plastic shopping bags say to her friend as they passed Its never open that place . . .

Right said Tonks beckoning them forward to a window displaying nothing but a particularly ugly female dummy whose false eyelashes were hanging off and who was modeling a green nylon pinafore dress. Everybody ready

They nodded clustering around her; Moody gave Harry another shove between the shoulder blades to urge him forward and Tonks leaned close to the glass looking up at the very ugly dummy and said her breath steaming up the glass Wotcher . . . Were here to see Arthur Weasley.

For a split second Harry thought how absurd it was for Tonks to expect the dummy to hear her talking that quietly through a sheet of glass when there were buses rumbling along behind her and all the racket of a street full of shoppers. Then he reminded himself that dummies could not hear anyway. Next second his mouth opened in shock as the dummy gave a tiny nod beckoned its jointed finger and Tonks had seized Ginny and Mrs. Weasley by the elbows stepped right through the glass and vanished.

Fred George and Ron stepped after them; Harry glanced around at the jostling crowd; not one of them seemed to have a glance to spare for window displays as ugly as Purge and Dowse Ltd.s nor did any of them seem to have noticed that six people had just melted into thin air in front of them.

Cmon growled Moody giving Harry yet another poke in the back and together they stepped forward through what felt like a sheet of cool water emerging quite warm and dry on the other side.

There was no sign of the ugly dummy or the space where she had stood. They had arrived in what seemed to be a crowded reception area where rows of witches and wizards sat upon rickety wooden chairs some looking perfectly normal and perusing out-of-date copies of Witch Weekly others sporting gruesome disfigurements such as elephant trunks or extra hands sticking out of their chests. The room was scarcely less quiet than the street outside for many of the patients were making very peculiar noises. A sweaty-faced witch in the center of the front row who was fanning herself vigorously with a copy of the Daily Prophet kept letting off a high-pitched whistle as steam came pouring out of her mouth and a grubby-looking warlock in the corner clanged like a bell every time he moved and with each clang his head vibrated horribly so that he had to seize himself by the ears and hold it steady.

Witches and wizards in lime-green robes were walking up and down the rows asking questions and making notes on clipboards like Umbridges. Harry noticed the emblem embroidered on their chests: a wand and bone crossed.

Are they doctors he asked Ron quietly.

Doctors said Ron looking startled. Those Muggle nutters that cut people up Nah theyre Healers.

Over here called Mrs. Weasley over the renewed clanging of the warlock in the corner and they followed her to the queue in front of a plump blonde witch seated at a desk marked INQUIRIES. The wall behind her was covered in notices and posters saying things like A CLEAN CAULDRON KEEPS POTIONS FROM BECOMING POISONS and ANTIDOTES ARE ANTI-DONTS UNLESS APPROVED BY A QUALIFIED HEALER.

There was also a large portrait of a witch with long silver ringlets that was labelled

DILYS DERWENT

ST. MUNGOS HEALER 1722–1741

HEADMISTRESS OF HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY 1741–1768



Dilys was eyeing the Weasley party as though counting them; when Harry caught her eye she gave a tiny wink walked sideways out of her portrait and vanished.

Meanwhile at the front of the queue a young wizard was performing an odd on-the-spot jig and trying in between yelps of pain to explain his predicament to the witch behind the desk.

Its these — ouch — shoes my brother gave me — ow — theyre eating my — OUCH — feet — look at them there must be some kind of — AARGH — jinx on them and I cant — AAAAARGH — get them off —

He hopped from one foot to the other as though dancing on hot coals.

The shoes dont prevent you reading do they said the blonde witch irritably pointing at a large sign to the left of her desk. You want Spell Damage fourth floor. Just like it says on the floor guide. Next

The wizard hobbled and pranced sideways out of the way the Weasley party moved forward a few steps and Harry read the floor guide:



ARTIFACT ACCIDENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ground Floor

(Cauldron explosion wand backfiring broom crashes etc.)



CREATURE-INDUCED INJURIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . First Floor

(Bites stings burns embedded spines etc.)



MAGICAL BUGS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Second Floor

(Contagious maladies e.g. dragon pox vanishing sickness

scrofungulus)



POTION AND PLANT POISONING . . . . . . . . . . . . Third Floor

(Rashes regurgitation uncontrollable giggling etc.)



SPELL DAMAGE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Fourth Floor

(Unliftable jinxes hexes and incorrectly applied charms etc.)



VISITORS TEAROOM AND HOSPITAL SHOP . . . Fifth Floor





If you are unsure where to go incapable of normal speech or unable to remember why you are here our Welcome Witch will be pleased to help.





A very old stooped wizard with a hearing trumpet had shuffled to the front of the queue now.

Im here to see Broderick Bode he wheezed.

Ward forty-nine but Im afraid youre wasting your time said the witch dismissively. Hes completely addled you know still thinks hes a teapot. . . . Next

A harassed-looking wizard was holding his small daughter tightly by the ankle while she flapped around his head using the immensely large feathery wings that had sprouted right out the back of her romper suit.

Fourth floor said the witch in a bored voice without asking and the man disappeared through the double doors beside the desk holding his daughter like an oddly shaped balloon. Next

Mrs. Weasley moved forward to the desk.

Hello she said. My husband Arthur Weasley was supposed to be moved to a different ward this morning could you tell us — 

Arthur Weasley said the witch running her finger down a long list in front of her. Yes first floor second door on the right Dai Llewellyn ward.

Thank you said Mrs. Weasley. Come on you lot.

They followed through the double doors and along the narrow corridor beyond which was lined with more portraits of famous Healers and lit by crystal bubbles full of candles that floated up on the ceiling looking like giant soapsuds. More witches and wizards in lime-green robes walked in and out of the doors they passed; a foul-smelling yellow gas wafted into the passageway as they passed one door and every now and then they heard distant wailing. They climbed a flight of stairs and entered the Creature-Induced Injuries corridor where the second door on the right bore the words DANGEROUS DAI LLEWELLYN WARD: SERIOUS BITES. Underneath this was a card in a brass holder on which had been handwritten Healer-in-Charge: Hippocrates Smethwyck Trainee Healer: Augustus Pye.

Well wait outside Molly Tonks said. Arthur wont want too many visitors at once. . . . It ought to be just the family first.

Mad-Eye growled his approval of this idea and set himself with his back against the corridor wall his magical eye spinning in all directions. Harry drew back too but Mrs. Weasley reached out a hand and pushed him through the door saying Dont be silly Harry Arthur wants to thank you . . .

The ward was small and rather dingy as the only window was narrow and set high in the wall facing the door. Most of the light came from more shining crystal bubbles clustered in the middle of the ceiling. The walls were of panelled oak and there was a portrait of a rather vicious-looking wizard on the wall captioned URQUHART RACKHARROW 1612–1697 INVENTOR OF THE ENTRAIL-EXPELLING CURSE.

There were only three patients. Mr. Weasley was occupying the bed at the far end of the ward beside the tiny window. Harry was pleased and relieved to see that he was propped up on several pillows and reading the Daily Prophet by the solitary ray of sunlight falling onto his bed. He looked around as they walked toward him and seeing whom it was beamed.

Hello he called throwing the Prophet aside. Bill just left Molly had to get back to work but he says hell drop in on you later . . .

How are you Arthur asked Mrs. Weasley bending down to kiss his cheek and looking anxiously into his face. Youre still looking a bit peaky . . .

I feel absolutely fine said Mr. Weasley brightly holding out his good arm to give Ginny a hug. If they could only take the bandages off Id be fit to go home.

Why cant they take them off Dad asked Fred.

Well I start bleeding like mad every time they try said Mr. Weasley cheerfully reaching across for his wand which lay on his bedside cabinet and waving it so that six extra chairs appeared at his bedside to seat them all. It seems there was some rather unusual kind of poison in that snakes fangs that keeps wounds open. . . . Theyre sure theyll find an antidote though they say theyve had much worse cases than mine and in the meantime I just have to keep taking a Blood-Replenishing Potion every hour. But that fellow over there he said dropping his voice and nodding toward the bed opposite in which a man lay looking green and sickly and staring at the ceiling. Bitten by a werewolf poor chap. No cure at all.

A werewolf whispered Mrs. Weasley looking alarmed. Is he safe in a public ward Shouldnt he be in a private room

Its two weeks till full moon Mr. Weasley reminded her quietly. Theyve been talking to him this morning the Healers you know trying to persuade him hell be able to lead an almost normal life. I said to him — didnt mention names of course — but I said I knew a werewolf personally very nice man who finds the condition quite easy to manage . . .

What did he say asked George.

Said hed give me another bite if I didnt shut up said Mr. Weasley sadly. And that woman over there he indicated the only other occupied bed which was right beside the door wont tell the Healers what bit her which makes us all think it must have been something she was handling illegally. Whatever it was took a real chunk out of her leg very nasty smell when they take off the dressings.

So you going to tell us what happened Dad asked Fred pulling his chair closer to the bed.

Well you already know dont you said Mr. Weasley with a significant smile at Harry. Its very simple — Id had a very long day dozed off got sneaked up on and bitten.

Is it in the Prophet you being attacked asked Fred indicating the newspaper Mr. Weasley had cast aside.

No of course not said Mr. Weasley with a slightly bitter smile the Ministry wouldnt want everyone to know a dirty great serpent got —

Arthur said Mrs. Weasley warningly.

— got — er — me Mr. Weasley said hastily though Harry was quite sure that was not what he had meant to say.

So where were you when it happened Dad asked George.

Thats my business said Mr. Weasley though with a small smile. He snatched up the Daily Prophet shook it open again and said I was just reading about Willy Widdershinss arrest when you arrived. You know Willy turned out to be behind those regurgitating toilets last summer One of his jinxes backfired the toilet exploded and they found him lying unconscious in the wreckage covered from head to foot in —

When you say you were ‘on duty Fred interrupted in a low voice what were you doing

You heard your father whispered Mrs. Weasley we are not discussing this here Go on about Willy Widdershins Arthur —

Well dont ask me how but he actually got off on the toilet charge said Mr. Weasley grimly. I can only suppose gold changed hands —

You were guarding it werent you said George quietly. The weapon The thing You-Know-Whos after

George be quiet snapped Mrs. Weasley.

Anyway said Mr. Weasley in a raised voice this time Willys been caught selling biting doorknobs to Muggles and I dont think hell be able to worm his way out of it because according to this article two Muggles have lost fingers and are now in St. Mungos for emergency bone regrowth and memory modification. Just think of it Muggles in St. Mungos I wonder which ward theyre in

And he looked eagerly around as though hoping to see a signpost.

Didnt you say You-Know-Whos got a snake Harry asked Fred looking at his father for a reaction. A massive one You saw it the night he returned didnt you

Thats enough said Mrs. Weasley crossly. Mad-Eye and Tonks are outside Arthur they want to come and see you. And you lot can wait outside she added to her children and Harry. You can come and say good-bye afterward. Go on . . .

They trooped back into the corridor. Mad-Eye and Tonks went in and closed the door of the ward behind them. Fred raised his eyebrows.

Fine he said coolly rummaging in his pockets be like that. Dont tell us anything.

Looking for these said George holding out what looked like a tangle of flesh-colored string.

You read my mind said Fred grinning. Lets see if St. Mungos puts Imperturbable Charms on its ward doors shall we

He and George disentangled the string and separated five Extendable Ears from each other. Fred and George handed them around. Harry hesitated to take one.

Go on Harry take it You saved Dads life if anyones got the right to eavesdrop on him its you . . .

Grinning in spite of himself Harry took the end of the string and inserted it into his ear as the twins had done.

Okay go Fred whispered.

The flesh-colored strings wriggled like long skinny worms then snaked under the door. For a few seconds Harry could hear nothing then he heard Tonks whispering as clearly as though she were standing right beside him.

. . . they searched the whole area but they couldnt find the snake anywhere it just seems to have vanished after it attacked you Arthur. . . . But You-Know-Who cant have expected a snake to get in can he

I reckon he sent it as a lookout growled Moody cause hes not had any luck so far has he No I reckon hes trying to get a clearer picture of what hes facing and if Arthur hadnt been there the beast wouldve had much more time to look around. So Potter says he saw it all happen

Yes said Mrs. Weasley. She sounded rather uneasy. You know Dumbledore seems almost to have been waiting for Harry to see something like this . . .

Yeah well said Moody theres something funny about the Potter kid we all know that.

Dumbledore seemed worried about Harry when I spoke to him this morning whispered Mrs. Weasley.

Course hes worried growled Moody. The boys seeing things from inside You-Know-Whos snake. . . . Obviously Potter doesnt realize what that means but if You-Know-Whos possessing him —

Harry pulled the Extendable Ear out of his own his heart hammering very fast and heat rushing up his face. He looked around at the others. They were all staring at him the strings still trailing from their ears looking suddenly fearful.




