




CHRISTMAS ON THE CLOSED WARD




Was this why Dumbledore would no longer meet Harrys eyes Did he expect to see Voldemort staring out of them afraid perhaps that their vivid green might turn suddenly to scarlet with catlike slits for pupils Harry remembered how the snakelike face of Voldemort had once forced itself out of the back of Professor Quirrells head and he ran his hand over the back of his own wondering what it would feel like if Voldemort burst out of his skull. . . .

He felt dirty contaminated as though he were carrying some deadly germ unworthy to sit on the underground train back from the hospital with innocent clean people whose minds and bodies were free of the taint of Voldemort. . . . He had not merely seen the snake he had been the snake he knew it now. . . .

And then a truly terrible thought occurred to him a memory bobbing to the surface of his mind one that made his insides writhe and squirm like serpents. . . .

Whats he after apart from followers

Stuff he can only get by stealth . . . like a weapon. Something he didnt have last time.

Im the weapon Harry thought and it was as though poison were pumping through his veins chilling him bringing him out in a sweat as he swayed with the train through the dark tunnel. Im the one Voldemorts trying to use thats why theyve got guards around me everywhere I go its not for my protection its for other peoples only its not working they cant have someone on me all the time at Hogwarts. . . . I did attack Mr. Weasley last night it was me Voldemort made me do it and he could be inside me listening to my thoughts right now. . . .

Are you all right Harry dear whispered Mrs. Weasley leaning across Ginny to speak to him as the train rattled along through its dark tunnel. You dont look very well. Are you feeling sick

They were all watching him. He shook his head violently and stared up at an advertisement for home insurance.

Harry dear are you sure youre all right said Mrs. Weasley in a worried voice as they walked around the unkempt patch of grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place. You look ever so pale. . . . Are you sure you slept this morning You go upstairs to bed right now and you can have a couple of hours sleep before dinner all right

He nodded; here was a ready-made excuse not to talk to any of the others which was precisely what he wanted so when she opened the front door he proceeded straight past the trolls leg umbrella stand and up the stairs and hurried into his and Rons bedroom.

Here he began to pace up and down past the two beds and Phineas Nigelluss empty portrait his brain teeming and seething with questions and ever more dreadful ideas. . . .

How had he become a snake Perhaps he was an Animagus. . . . No he couldnt be he would know. . . . perhaps Voldemort was an Animagus . . . Yes thought Harry that would fit he would turn into a snake of course . . . and when hes possessing me then we both transform. . . . That still doesnt explain how come I got to London and back to my bed in the space of about five minutes though. . . . But then Voldemorts about the most powerful wizard in the world apart from Dumbledore its probably no problem at all to him to transport people like that. . . .

And then with a terrible stab of panic he thought but this is insane — if Voldemorts possessing me Im giving him a clear view into the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix right now Hell know whos in the Order and where Sirius is . . . and Ive heard loads of stuff I shouldnt have everything Sirius told me the first night I was here. . . .

There was only one thing for it: He would have to leave Grimmauld Place straightaway. He would spend Christmas at Hogwarts without the others which would keep them safe over the holidays at least. . . . But no that wouldnt do there were still plenty of people at Hogwarts to maim and injure what if it was Seamus Dean or Neville next time He stopped his pacing and stood staring at Phineas Nigelluss empty frame. A leaden sensation was settling in the pit of his stomach. He had no alternative: He was going to have to return to Privet Drive cut himself off from other wizards entirely. . . .

Well if he had to do it he thought there was no point hanging around. Trying with all his might not to think how the Dursleys were going to react when they found him on their doorstep six months earlier than they had expected he strode over to his trunk slammed the lid shut and locked it then glanced around automatically for Hedwig before remembering that she was still at Hogwarts — well her cage would be one less thing to carry — he seized one end of his trunk and had dragged it halfway toward the door when a sneaky voice said Running away are we

He looked around. Phineas Nigellus had appeared upon the canvas of his portrait and was leaning against the frame watching Harry with an amused expression on his face.

Not running away no said Harry shortly dragging his trunk a few more feet across the room.

I thought said Phineas Nigellus stroking his pointed beard that to belong in Gryffindor House you were supposed to be brave It looks to me as though you would have been better off in my own House. We Slytherins are brave yes but not stupid. For instance given the choice we will always choose to save our own necks.

Its not my own neck Im saving said Harry tersely tugging the trunk over a patch of particularly uneven moth-eaten carpet right in front of the door.

Oh I see said Phineas Nigellus still stroking his beard. This is no cowardly flight — you are being noble.

Harry ignored him. His hand was on the doorknob when Phineas Nigellus said lazily I have a message for you from Albus Dumbledore.

Harry spun around.

What is it

Stay where you are.

I havent moved said Harry his hand still upon the doorknob. So whats the message

I have just given it to you dolt said Phineas Nigellus smoothly. Dumbledore says ‘Stay where you are.

Why said Harry eagerly dropping the end of his trunk. Why does he want me to stay What else did he say

Nothing whatsoever said Phineas Nigellus raising a thin black eyebrow as though he found Harry impertinent.

Harrys temper rose to the surface like a snake rearing from long grass. He was exhausted he was confused beyond measure he had experienced terror relief and then terror again in the last twelve hours and still Dumbledore did not want to talk to him

So thats it is it he said loudly. Stay there Thats all anyone could tell me after I got attacked by those dementors too Just stay put while the grown-ups sort it out Harry We wont bother telling you anything though because your tiny little brain might not be able to cope with it

You know said Phineas Nigellus even more loudly than Harry this is precisely why I loathed being a teacher Young people are so infernally convinced that they are absolutely right about everything. Has it not occurred to you my poor puffed-up popinjay that there might be an excellent reason why the headmaster of Hogwarts is not confiding every tiny detail of his plans to you Have you never paused while feeling hard-done-by to note that following Dumbledores orders has never yet led you into harm No. No like all young people you are quite sure that you alone feel and think you alone recognize danger you alone are the only one clever enough to realize what the Dark Lord may be planning . . .

He is planning something to do with me then said Harry swiftly.

Did I say that said Phineas Nigellus idly examining his silk gloves. Now if you will excuse me I have better things to do than to listen to adolescent agonizing. . . . Good day to you . . .

And he strolled into his frame and out of sight.

Fine go then Harry bellowed at the empty frame. And tell Dumbledore thanks for nothing

The empty canvas remained silent. Fuming Harry dragged his trunk back to the foot of his bed then threw himself facedown upon the moth-eaten covers his eyes shut his body heavy and aching. . . .

He felt he had journeyed miles and miles. . . . It seemed impossible that less than twenty-four hours ago Cho Chang had been approaching him under the mistletoe. . . . He was so tired. . . . He was scared to sleep . . . yet he did not know how long he could fight it. . . . Dumbledore had told him to stay. . . . That must mean he was allowed to sleep. . . . But he was scared. . . . What if it happened again . . . 

He was sinking into shadows. . . .

It was as though a film in his head had been waiting to start. He was walking down a deserted corridor toward a plain black door past rough stone walls torches and an open doorway onto a flight of stone steps leading downstairs on the left. . . .

He reached the black door but could not open it. . . . He stood gazing at it desperate for entry. . . . Something he wanted with all his heart lay beyond. . . . A prize beyond his dreams. . . . If only his scar would stop prickling . . . then he would be able to think more clearly . . .

Harry said Rons voice from far far away Mum says dinners ready but shell save you something if you want to stay in bed . . .

Harry opened his eyes but Ron had already left the room.

He doesnt want to be on his own with me Harry thought. Not after what he heard Moody say . . .

He supposed none of them would want him there anymore now that they knew what was inside him. . . .

He would not go down to dinner; he would not inflict his company upon them. He turned over onto his other side and after a while dropped back off to sleep waking much later in the early hours of the morning with his insides aching with hunger and Ron snoring in the next bed. Squinting around the room he saw the dark outline of Phineas Nigellus standing again in his portrait and it occurred to Harry that Dumbledore had probably set Phineas Nigellus to watch over him in case he attacked somebody else.

The feeling of being unclean intensified. He half wished he had not obeyed Dumbledore and stayed. . . . If this was how life was going to be in Grimmauld Place from now on maybe he would be better off in Privet Drive after all.


Everybody else spent the following morning putting up Christmas decorations. Harry could not remember Sirius ever being in such a good mood; he was actually singing carols apparently delighted that he was to have company over Christmas. Harry could hear his voice echoing up through the floor in the cold and empty drawing room where he was sitting alone watching the sky outside the windows growing whiter threatening snow all the time feeling a savage pleasure that he was giving the others the opportunity to keep talking about him as they were bound to be doing. When he heard Mrs. Weasley calling his name softly up the stairs around lunchtime he retreated farther upstairs and ignored her.

It was around six oclock in the evening that the doorbell rang and Mrs. Black started screaming again. Assuming that Mundungus or some other Order member had come to call Harry merely settled himself more comfortably against the wall of Buckbeak the hippogriffs room where he was hiding trying to ignore how hungry he felt as he fed Buckbeak dead rats. It came as a slight shock when somebody hammered hard on the door a few minutes later.

I know youre in there said Hermiones voice. Will you please come out I want to talk to you.

What are you doing here Harry asked her pulling open the door as Buckbeak resumed his scratching at the straw-strewn floor for any fragments of rat he might have dropped. I thought you were skiing with your mum and dad.

Well to tell the truth skiings not really my thing said Hermione. So Ive come for Christmas. There was snow in her hair and her face was pink with cold. But dont tell Ron that I told him its really good because he kept laughing so much. Anyway Mum and Dad are a bit disappointed but Ive told them that everyone whos serious about the exams is staying at Hogwarts to study. They want me to do well theyll understand. Anyway she said briskly lets go to your bedroom Rons mums lit a fire in there and shes sent up sandwiches.

Harry followed her back to the second floor. When he entered the bedroom he was rather surprised to see both Ron and Ginny waiting for them sitting on Rons bed.

I came on the Knight Bus said Hermione airily pulling off her jacket before Harry had time to speak. Dumbledore told me what had happened first thing yesterday morning but I had to wait for term to end officially before setting off. Umbridge is already livid that you lot disappeared right under her nose even though Dumbledore told her Mr. Weasley was in St. Mungos and hed given you all permission to visit. So . . .

She sat down next to Ginny and the two girls and Ron looked up at Harry.

Howre you feeling asked Hermione.

Fine said Harry stiffly.

Oh dont lie Harry she said impatiently. Ron and Ginny say youve been hiding from everyone since you got back from St. Mungos.

They do do they said Harry glaring at Ron and Ginny. Ron looked down at his feet but Ginny seemed quite unabashed.

Well you have she said. And you wont look at any of us

Its you lot who wont look at me said Harry angrily.

Maybe youre taking it in turns to look and keep missing each other suggested Hermione the corners of her mouth twitching.

Very funny snapped Harry turning away.

Oh stop feeling all misunderstood said Hermione sharply. Look the others have told me what you overheard last night on the Extendable Ears —

Yeah growled Harry his hands deep in his pockets as he watched the snow now falling thickly outside. All been talking about me have you Well Im getting used to it . . .

We wanted to talk to you Harry said Ginny but as youve been hiding ever since we got back —

I didnt want anyone to talk to me said Harry who was feeling more and more nettled.

Well that was a bit stupid of you said Ginny angrily seeing as you dont know anyone but me whos been possessed by You-Know-Who and I can tell you how it feels.

Harry remained quite still as the impact of these words hit him. Then he turned on the spot to face her.

I forgot he said.

Lucky you said Ginny coolly.

Im sorry Harry said and he meant it. So . . . so do you think Im being possessed then

Well can you remember everything youve been doing Ginny asked. Are there big blank periods where you dont know what youve been up to

Harry racked his brains.

No he said.

Then You-Know-Who hasnt ever possessed you said Ginny simply. When he did it to me I couldnt remember what Id been doing for hours at a time. Id find myself somewhere and not know how I got there.

Harry hardly dared believe her yet his heart was lightening almost in spite of himself.

That dream I had about your dad and the snake though —

Harry youve had these dreams before Hermione said. You had flashes of what Voldemort was up to last year.

This was different said Harry shaking his head. I was inside that snake. It was like I was the snake. . . . What if Voldemort somehow transported me to London — 

One day said Hermione sounding thoroughly exasperated youll read Hogwarts: A History and perhaps that will remind you that you cant Apparate or Disapparate inside Hogwarts. Even Voldemort couldnt just make you fly out of your dormitory Harry.

You didnt leave your bed mate said Ron. I saw you thrashing around in your sleep about a minute before we could wake you up . . .

Harry started pacing up and down the room again thinking. What they were all saying was not only comforting it made sense . . . Without really thinking he took a sandwich from the plate on the bed and crammed it hungrily into his mouth. . . .

Im not the weapon after all thought Harry. His heart swelled with happiness and relief and he felt like joining in as they heard Sirius tramping past their door toward Buckbeaks room singing God Rest Ye Merry Hippogriffs at the top of his voice.


How could he have dreamed of returning to Privet Drive for Christmas Siriuss delight at having the house full again and especially at having Harry back was infectious. He was no longer their sullen host of the summer; now he seemed determined that everyone should enjoy themselves as much if not more than they would have done at Hogwarts and he worked tirelessly in the run-up to Christmas Day cleaning and decorating with their help so that by the time they all went to bed on Christmas Eve the house was barely recognizable. The tarnished chandeliers were no longer hung with cobwebs but with garlands of holly and gold and silver streamers; magical snow glittered in heaps over the threadbare carpets; a great Christmas tree obtained by Mundungus and decorated with live fairies blocked Siriuss family tree from view; and even the stuffed elf heads on the hall wall wore Father Christmas hats and beards.

Harry awoke on Christmas morning to find a stack of presents at the foot of his bed and Ron already halfway through opening his own rather larger pile.

Good haul this year he informed Harry through a cloud of paper. Thanks for the Broom Compass its excellent beats Hermiones — shes got me a homework planner —

Harry sorted through his presents and found one with Hermiones handwriting on it. She had given him too a book that resembled a diary except that it said things like Do it today or later youll pay every time he opened a page.

Sirius and Lupin had given Harry a set of excellent books entitled Practical Defensive Magic and Its Use Against the Dark Arts which had superb moving color illustrations of all the counterjinxes and hexes it described. Harry flicked through the first volume eagerly; he could see it was going to be highly useful in his plans for the D.A. Hagrid had sent a furry brown wallet that had fangs which were presumably supposed to be an antitheft device but unfortunately prevented Harry putting any money in without getting his fingers ripped off. Tonkss present was a small working model of a Firebolt which Harry watched fly around the room wishing he still had his full-size version; Ron had given him an enormous box of Every-Flavor Beans; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley the usual hand-knitted jumper and some mince pies; and Dobby a truly dreadful painting that Harry suspected had been done by the elf himself. He had just turned it upside down to see whether it looked better that way when with a loud crack Fred and George Apparated at the foot of his bed.

Merry Christmas said George. Dont go downstairs for a bit.

Why not said Ron.

Mums crying again said Fred heavily. Percy sent back his Christmas jumper.

Without a note added George. Hasnt asked how Dad is or visited him or anything . . .

We tried to comfort her said Fred moving around the bed to look at Harrys portrait. Told her Percys nothing more than a humongous pile of rat droppings —

— didnt work said George helping himself to a Chocolate Frog. So Lupin took over. Best let him cheer her up before we go down for breakfast I reckon.

Whats that supposed to be anyway asked Fred squinting at Dobbys painting. Looks like a gibbon with two black eyes.

Its Harry said George pointing at the back of the picture. Says so on the back

Good likeness said Fred grinning. Harry threw his new homework diary at him; it hit the wall opposite and fell to the floor where it said happily If youve dotted the is and crossed the ts then you may do whatever you please

They got up and dressed; they could hear various inhabitants of the house calling Merry Christmas to each other. On their way downstairs they met Hermione. Thanks for the book Harry she said happily. Ive been wanting that New Theory of Numerology for ages And that perfume is really unusual Ron.

No problem said Ron. Whos that for anyway he added nodding at the neatly wrapped present she was carrying.

Kreacher said Hermione brightly.

It had better not be clothes said Ron warningly. You know what Sirius said Kreacher knows too much we cant set him free

It isnt clothes said Hermione although if I had my way Id certainly give him something to wear other than that filthy old rag. No its a patchwork quilt I thought it would brighten up his bedroom.

What bedroom said Harry dropping his voice to a whisper as they were passing the portrait of Siriuss mother.

Well Sirius says its not so much a bedroom more a kind of — den said Hermione. Apparently he sleeps under the boiler in that cupboard off the kitchen.

Mrs. Weasley was the only person in the basement when they arrived there. She was standing at the stove and sounded as though she had a bad head cold when she wished them Merry Christmas and they all averted their eyes.

So this is Kreachers bedroom said Ron strolling over to a dingy door in the corner opposite the pantry which Harry had never seen open.

Yes said Hermione now sounding a little nervous. Er . . . I think wed better knock . . .

Ron rapped the door with his knuckles but there was no reply.

He must be sneaking around upstairs he said and without further ado pulled open the door. Urgh.

Harry peered inside. Most of the cupboard was taken up with a very large and old-fashioned boiler but in the foots space underneath the pipes Kreacher had made himself something that looked like a nest. A jumble of assorted rags and smelly old blankets were piled on the floor and the small dent in the middle of it showed where Kreacher curled up to sleep every night. Here and there among the material were stale bread crusts and moldy old bits of cheese. In a far corner glinted small objects and coins that Harry guessed Kreacher had saved magpielike from Siriuss purge of the house and he had also managed to retrieve the silver-framed family photographs that Sirius had thrown away over the summer. Their glass might be shattered but still the little black-and-white people inside them peered haughtily up at him including — he felt a little jolt in his stomach — the dark heavy-lidded woman whose trial he had witnessed in Dumbledores Pensieve: Bellatrix Lestrange. By the looks of it hers was Kreachers favorite photograph; he had placed it to the fore of all the others and had mended the glass clumsily with Spellotape.

I think Ill just leave his present here said Hermione laying the package neatly in the middle of the depression in the rags and blankets and closing the door quietly. Hell find it later thatll be fine . . .

Come to think of it said Sirius emerging from the pantry carrying a large turkey as they closed the cupboard door has anyone actually seen Kreacher lately

I havent seen him since the night we came back here said Harry. You were ordering him out of the kitchen.

Yeah . . . said Sirius frowning. You know I think thats the last time I saw him too. . . . He must be hiding upstairs somewhere . . .

He couldnt have left could he said Harry. I mean when you said ‘out maybe he thought you meant get out of the house

No no house-elves cant leave unless theyre given clothes theyre tied to their familys house said Sirius.

They can leave the house if they really want to Harry contradicted him. Dobby did he left the Malfoys to give me warnings three years ago. He had to punish himself afterward but he still managed it.

Sirius looked slightly disconcerted for a moment then said Ill look for him later I expect Ill find him upstairs crying his eyes out over my mothers old bloomers or something. . . . Of course he might have crawled into the airing cupboard and died. . . . But I mustnt get my hopes up . . .

Fred George and Ron laughed; Hermione however looked reproachful.

Once they had had their Christmas lunch the Weasleys and Harry and Hermione were planning to pay Mr. Weasley another visit escorted by Mad-Eye and Lupin. Mundungus turned up in time for Christmas pudding and trifle having managed to borrow a car for the occasion as the Underground did not run on Christmas Day. The car which Harry doubted very much had been taken with the knowledge or consent of its owner had had a similar Enlarging Spell put upon it as the Weasleys old Ford Anglia; although normally proportioned outside ten people with Mundungus driving were able to fit into it quite comfortably. Mrs. Weasley hesitated at the point of getting inside; Harry knew that her disapproval of Mundungus was battling with her dislike of traveling without magic; finally the cold outside and her childrens pleading triumphed and she settled herself into the backseat between Fred and Bill with good grace.

The journey to St. Mungos was quite quick as there was very little traffic on the roads. A small trickle of witches and wizards were creeping furtively up the otherwise deserted street to visit the hospital. Harry and the others got out of the car and Mundungus drove off around the corner to wait for them; they strolled casually toward the window where the dummy in green nylon stood then one by one stepped through the glass.

The reception area looked pleasantly festive: The crystal orbs that illuminated St. Mungos had been turned to red and gold so that they became gigantic glowing Christmas baubles; holly hung around every doorway and shining white Christmas trees covered in magical snow and icicles glittered in every corner each topped with a gleaming gold star. It was less crowded than the last time they had been there although halfway across the room Harry found himself shunted aside by a witch with a walnut jammed up her left nostril.

Family argument eh smirked the blonde witch behind the desk. Youre the third Ive seen today . . . Spell Damage fourth floor . . .

They found Mr. Weasley propped up in bed with the remains of his turkey dinner on a tray in his lap and a rather sheepish expression on his face.

Everything all right Arthur asked Mrs. Weasley after they had all greeted Mr. Weasley and handed over their presents.

Fine fine said Mr. Weasley a little too heartily. You — er — havent seen Healer Smethwyck have you

No said Mrs. Weasley suspiciously why

Nothing nothing said Mr. Weasley airily starting to unwrap his pile of gifts. Well everyone had a good day What did you all get for Christmas Oh Harry — this is absolutely wonderful —

For he had just opened Harrys gift of fuse-wire and screwdrivers. Mrs. Weasley did not seem entirely satisfied with Mr. Weasleys answer. As her husband leaned over to shake Harrys hand she peered at the bandaging under his nightshirt.

Arthur she said with a snap in her voice like a mousetrap youve had your bandages changed. Why have you had your bandages changed a day early Arthur They told me they wouldnt need doing until tomorrow.

What said Mr. Weasley looking rather frightened and pulling the bed covers higher up his chest. No no — its nothing — its — I —

He seemed to deflate under Mrs. Weasleys piercing gaze.

Well — now dont get upset Molly but Augustus Pye had an idea. . . . Hes the Trainee Healer you know lovely young chap and very interested in . . . um . . . complementary medicine. . . . I mean some of these old Muggle remedies . . . well theyre called stitches Molly and they work very well on — on Muggle wounds —

Mrs. Weasley let out an ominous noise somewhere between a shriek and a snarl. Lupin strolled away from the bed and over to the werewolf who had no visitors and was looking rather wistfully at the crowd around Mr. Weasley; Bill muttered something about getting himself a cup of tea and Fred and George leapt up to accompany him grinning.

Do you mean to tell me said Mrs. Weasley her voice growing louder with every word and apparently unaware that her fellow visitors were scurrying for cover that you have been messing about with Muggle remedies

Not messing about Molly dear said Mr. Weasley imploringly. It was just — just something Pye and I thought wed try — only most unfortunately — well with these particular kinds of wounds — it doesnt seem to work as well as wed hoped —

Meaning

Well . . . well I dont know whether you know what — what stitches are

It sounds as though youve been trying to sew your skin back together said Mrs. Weasley with a snort of mirthless laughter but even you Arthur wouldnt be that stupid —

I fancy a cup of tea too said Harry jumping to his feet.

Hermione Ron and Ginny almost sprinted to the door with him. As it swung closed behind them they heard Mrs. Weasley shriek WHAT DO YOU MEAN THATS THE GENERAL IDEA

Typical Dad said Ginny shaking her head as they set off up the corridor. Stitches . . . I ask you . . .

Well you know they do work well on non-magical wounds said Hermione fairly. I suppose something in that snakes venom dissolves them or something. . . . I wonder where the tearoom is

Fifth floor said Harry remembering the sign over the Welcome Witchs desk.

They walked along the corridor through a set of double doors and found a rickety staircase lined with more portraits of brutal-looking Healers. As they climbed it the various Healers called out to them diagnosing odd complaints and suggesting horrible remedies. Ron was seriously affronted when a medieval wizard called out that he clearly had a bad case of spattergroit.

And whats that supposed to be he asked angrily as the Healer pursued him through six more portraits shoving the occupants out of the way.

Tis a most grievous affliction of the skin young master that will leave you pockmarked and more gruesome even than you are now —

Watch who youre calling gruesome said Ron his ears turning red.

The only remedy is to take the liver of a toad bind it tight about your throat stand naked by the full moon in a barrel of eels eyes —

I have not got spattergroit

But the unsightly blemishes upon your visage young master —

Theyre freckles said Ron furiously. Now get back in your own picture and leave me alone

He rounded on the others who were all keeping determinedly straight faces.

What floors this

I think its the fifth said Hermione.

Nah its the fourth said Harry one more —

But as he stepped onto the landing he came to an abrupt halt staring at the small window set into the double doors that marked the start of a corridor signposted SPELL DAMAGE. A man was peering out at them all with his nose pressed against the glass. He had wavy blond hair bright blue eyes and a broad vacant smile that revealed dazzlingly white teeth.

Blimey said Ron also staring at the man.

Oh my goodness said Hermione suddenly sounding breathless. Professor Lockhart

Their ex-Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher pushed open the doors and moved toward them wearing a long lilac dressing gown.

Well hello there he said. I expect youd like my autograph would you

Hasnt changed much has he Harry muttered to Ginny who grinned.

Er — how are you Professor said Ron sounding slightly guilty. It had been Rons malfunctioning wand that had damaged Professor Lockharts memory so badly that he had landed here in the first place though as Lockhart had been attempting to permanently wipe Harry and Rons memories at the time Harrys sympathy was limited.

Im very well indeed thank you said Lockhart exuberantly pulling a rather battered peacock-feather quill from his pocket. Now how many autographs would you like I can do joined-up writing now you know

Er — we dont want any at the moment thanks said Ron raising his eyebrows at Harry who asked Professor should you be wandering around the corridors Shouldnt you be in a ward

The smile faded slowly from Lockharts face. For a few moments he gazed intently at Harry then he said Havent we met

Er . . . yeah we have said Harry. You used to teach us at Hogwarts remember

Teach repeated Lockhart looking faintly unsettled. Me Did I

And then the smile reappeared upon his face so suddenly it was rather alarming. Taught you everything you know I expect did I Well how about those autographs then Shall we say a round dozen you can give them to all your little friends then and nobody will be left out

But just then a head poked out of a door at the far end of the corridor and a voice said Gilderoy you naughty boy where have you wandered off to

A motherly looking Healer wearing a tinsel wreath in her hair came bustling up the corridor smiling warmly at Harry and the others.

Oh Gilderoy youve got visitors How lovely and on Christmas Day too Do you know he never gets visitors poor lamb and I cant think why hes such a sweetie arent you

Were doing autographs Gilderoy told the Healer with another glittering smile. They want loads of them wont take no for an answer I just hope weve got enough photographs

Listen to him said the Healer taking Lockharts arm and beaming fondly at him as though he were a precocious two-year-old. He was rather well known a few years ago; we very much hope that this liking for giving autographs is a sign that his memory might be coming back a little bit. Will you step this way Hes in a closed ward you know he must have slipped out while I was bringing in the Christmas presents the doors usually kept locked . . . not that hes dangerous But she lowered her voice to a whisper bit of a danger to himself bless him. . . . Doesnt know who he is you see wanders off and cant remember how to get back. . . . It is nice of you to have come to see him —

Er said Ron gesturing uselessly at the floor above actually we were just — er —

But the Healer was smiling expectantly at them and Rons feeble mutter of going to have a cup of tea trailed away into nothingness. They looked at one another rather hopelessly and then followed Lockhart and his Healer along the corridor.

Lets not stay long Ron said quietly.

The Healer pointed her wand at the door of the Janus Thickey ward and muttered Alohomora. The door swung open and she led the way inside keeping a firm grasp on Gilderoys arm until she had settled him into an armchair beside his bed.

This is our long-term resident ward she informed Harry Ron Hermione and Ginny in a low voice. For permanent spell damage you know. Of course with intensive remedial potions and charms and a bit of luck we can produce some improvement. . . . Gilderoy does seem to be getting back some sense of himself and weve seen a real improvement in Mr. Bode he seems to be regaining the power of speech very well though he isnt speaking any language we recognize yet. . . . Well I must finish giving out the Christmas presents Ill leave you all to chat . . .

Harry looked around; this ward bore unmistakable signs of being a permanent home to its residents. They had many more personal effects around their beds than in Mr. Weasleys ward; the wall around Gilderoys headboard for instance was papered with pictures of himself all beaming toothily and waving at the new arrivals. He had autographed many of them to himself in disjointed childish writing. The moment he had been deposited in his chair by the Healer Gilderoy pulled a fresh stack of photographs toward him seized a quill and started signing them all feverishly.

You can put them in envelopes he said to Ginny throwing the signed pictures into her lap one by one as he finished them. I am not forgotten you know no I still receive a very great deal of fan mail. . . . Gladys Gudgeon writes weekly. . . . I just wish I knew why . . . He paused looking faintly puzzled then beamed again and returned to his signing with renewed vigor. I suspect it is simply my good looks . . .

A sallow-skinned mournful-looking wizard lay in the bed opposite staring at the ceiling; he was mumbling to himself and seemed quite unaware of anything around him. Two beds along was a woman whose entire head was covered in fur; Harry remembered something similar happening to Hermione during their second year although fortunately the damage in her case had not been permanent. At the far end of the ward flowery curtains had been drawn around two beds to give the occupants and their visitors some privacy.

Here you are Agnes said the Healer brightly to the furry-faced woman handing her a small pile of Christmas presents. See not forgotten are you And your sons sent an owl to say hes visiting tonight so thats nice isnt it

Agnes gave several loud barks.

And look Broderick youve been sent a potted plant and a lovely calendar with a different fancy hippogriff for each month theyll brighten things up wont they said the Healer bustling along to the mumbling man setting a rather ugly plant with long swaying tentacles on the bedside cabinet and fixing the calendar to the wall with her wand. And — oh Mrs. Longbottom are you leaving already

Harrys head spun round. The curtains had been drawn back from the two beds at the end of the ward and two visitors were walking back down the aisle between the beds: a formidable-looking old witch wearing a long green dress a moth-eaten fox fur and a pointed hat decorated with what was unmistakably a stuffed vulture and trailing behind her looking thoroughly depressed — Neville.

With a sudden rush of understanding Harry realized who the people in the end beds must be. He cast around wildly for some means of distracting the others so that Neville could leave the ward unnoticed and unquestioned but Ron had looked up at the sound of the name Longbottom too and before Harry could stop him had called Neville

Neville jumped and cowered as though a bullet had narrowly missed him.

Its us Neville said Ron brightly getting to his feet. Have you seen Lockharts here Whove you been visiting

Friends of yours Neville dear said Nevilles grandmother graciously bearing down upon them all.

Neville looked as though he would rather be anywhere in the world but here. A dull purple flush was creeping up his plump face and he was not making eye contact with any of them.

Ah yes said his grandmother peering at Harry and sticking out a shriveled clawlike hand for him to shake. Yes yes I know who you are of course. Neville speaks most highly of you.

Er — thanks said Harry shaking hands. Neville did not look at him but stared at his own feet the color deepening in his face all the while.

And you two are clearly Weasleys Mrs. Longbottom continued proffering her hand regally to Ron and Ginny in turn. Yes I know your parents — not well of course — but fine people fine people . . . and you must be Hermione Granger

Hermione looked rather startled that Mrs. Longbottom knew her name but shook hands all the same.

Yes Nevilles told me all about you. Helped him out of a few sticky spots havent you Hes a good boy she said casting a sternly appraising look down her rather bony nose at Neville but he hasnt got his fathers talent Im afraid to say . . . And she jerked her head in the direction of the two beds at the end of the ward so that the stuffed vulture on her hat trembled alarmingly.

What said Ron looking amazed (Harry wanted to stamp on Rons foot but that sort of thing was much harder to bring off unnoticed when you were wearing jeans rather than robes). Is that your dad down the end Neville

Whats this said Mrs. Longbottom sharply. Havent you told your friends about your parents Neville

Neville took a deep breath looked up at the ceiling and shook his head. Harry could not remember ever feeling sorrier for anyone but he could not think of any way of helping Neville out of the situation.

Well its nothing to be ashamed of said Mrs. Longbottom angrily. You should be proud Neville proud They didnt give their health and their sanity so their only son would be ashamed of them you know

Im not ashamed said Neville very faintly still looking anywhere but at Harry and the others. Ron was now standing on tiptoe to look over at the inhabitants of the two beds.

Well youve got a funny way of showing it said Mrs. Longbottom. My son and his wife she said turning haughtily to Harry Ron Hermione and Ginny were tortured into insanity by You-Know-Whos followers.

Hermione and Ginny both clapped their hands over their mouths. Ron stopped craning his neck to catch a glimpse of Nevilles parents and looked mortified.

They were Aurors you know and very well respected within the Wizarding community Mrs. Longbottom went on. Highly gifted the pair of them. I — yes Alice dear what is it

Nevilles mother had come edging down the ward in her nightdress. She no longer had the plump happy-looking face Harry had seen in Moodys old photograph of the original Order of the Phoenix. Her face was thin and worn now her eyes seemed overlarge and her hair which had turned white was wispy and dead-looking. She did not seem to want to speak or perhaps she was not able to but she made timid motions toward Neville holding something in her outstretched hand.

Again said Mrs. Longbottom sounding slightly weary. Very well Alice dear very well — Neville take it whatever it is . . .

But Neville had already stretched out his hand into which his mother dropped an empty Droobles Blowing Gum wrapper.

Very nice dear said Nevilles grandmother in a falsely cheery voice patting his mother on the shoulder. But Neville said quietly Thanks Mum.

His mother tottered away back up the ward humming to herself. Neville looked around at the others his expression defiant as though daring them to laugh but Harry did not think hed ever found anything less funny in his life.

Well wed better get back sighed Mrs. Longbottom drawing on long green gloves. Very nice to have met you all. Neville put that wrapper in the bin she must have given you enough of them to paper your bedroom by now . . .

But as they left Harry was sure he saw Neville slip the wrapper into his pocket.

The door closed behind them.

I never knew said Hermione who looked tearful.

Nor did I said Ron rather hoarsely.

Nor me whispered Ginny.

They all looked at Harry.

I did he said glumly. Dumbledore told me but I promised I wouldnt mention it . . . thats what Bellatrix Lestrange got sent to Azkaban for using the Cruciatus Curse on Nevilles parents until they lost their minds.

Bellatrix Lestrange did that whispered Hermione horrified. That woman Kreachers got a photo of in his den

There was a long silence broken by Lockharts angry voice. Look I didnt learn joined-up writing for nothing you know




