




OUT OF THE FIRE




Im not going. . . . I dont need the hospital wing. . . . I dont want . . .

He was gibbering trying to pull away from Professor Tofty who was looking at him with much concern and who had just helped Harry out into the entrance hall while the students all around them stared.

Im — Im fine sir Harry stammered wiping the sweat from his face. Really . . . I just fell asleep. . . . Had a nightmare . . .

Pressure of examinations said the old wizard sympathetically patting Harry shakily on the shoulder. It happens young man it happens Now a cooling drink of water and perhaps you will be ready to return to the Great Hall The examination is nearly over but you may be able to round off your last answer nicely

Yes said Harry wildly. I mean . . . no . . . Ive done — done as much as I can I think . . .

Very well very well said the old wizard gently. I shall go and collect your examination paper and I suggest that you go and have a nice lie down . . .

Ill do that said Harry nodding vigorously. Thanks very much.

He waited for the second when the old mans heels disappeared over the threshold into the Great Hall then ran up the marble staircase and then more staircases toward the hospital wing hurtling along the corridors so fast that the portraits he passed muttered reproaches and burst through the double doors like a hurricane causing Madam Pomfrey who had been spooning some bright blue liquid into Montagues open mouth to shriek in alarm.

Potter what do you think youre doing

I need to see Professor McGonagall gasped Harry the breath tearing his lungs. Now . . . Its urgent . . .

Shes not here Potter said Madam Pomfrey sadly. She was transferred to St. Mungos this morning. Four Stunning Spells straight to the chest at her age Its a wonder they didnt kill her.

Shes . . . gone said Harry stunned.

The bell rang just outside the dormitory and he heard the usual distant rumbling of students starting to flood out into the corridors above and below him. He remained quite still looking at Madam Pomfrey. Terror was rising inside him.

There was nobody left to tell. Dumbledore had gone Hagrid had gone but he had always expected Professor McGonagall to be there irascible and inflexible perhaps but always dependably solidly present. . . .

I dont wonder youre shocked Potter said Madam Pomfrey with a kind of fierce approval in her face. As if one of them could have Stunned Minerva McGonagall face on by daylight Cowardice thats what it was. . . . Despicable cowardice . . . If I wasnt worried what would happen to you students without me Id resign in protest . . .

Yes said Harry blankly.

He strode blindly from the hospital wing into the teeming corridor where he stood buffeted by the crowd the panic expanding inside him like poison gas so that his head swam and he could not think what to do. . . .

Ron and Hermione said a voice in his head.

He was running again pushing students out of the way oblivious to their angry protests and shouts. He sprinted back down two floors and was at the top of the marble staircase when he saw them hurrying toward him.

Harry said Hermione at once looking very frightened. What happened Are you all right Are you ill

Where have you been demanded Ron.

Come with me Harry said quickly. Come on Ive got to tell you something . . .

He led them along the first-floor corridor peering through doorways and at last found an empty classroom into which he dived closing the door behind Ron and Hermione the moment they were inside and leaning against it facing them.

Voldemorts got Sirius.

What

How dyou — 

Saw it. Just now. When I fell asleep in the exam.

But — but where How said Hermione whose face was white.

I dunno how said Harry. But I know exactly where. Theres a room in the Department of Mysteries full of shelves covered in these little glass balls and theyre at the end of row ninety-seven . . . Hes trying to use Sirius to get whatever it is he wants from in there. . . . Hes torturing him. . . . Says hell end by killing him . . .

Harry found his voice was shaking as were his knees. He moved over to a desk and sat down on it trying to master himself.

Howre we going to get there he asked them.

There was a moments silence. Then Ron said G-get there

Get to the Department of Mysteries so we can rescue Sirius Harry said loudly.

But — Harry . . . said Ron weakly.

What What said Harry.

He could not understand why they were both gaping at him as though he was asking them something unreasonable.

Harry said Hermione in a rather frightened voice er . . . how . . . how did Voldemort get into the Ministry of Magic without anybody realizing he was there

How do I know bellowed Harry. The question is how were going to get in there

But . . . Harry think about this said Hermione taking a step toward him its five oclock in the afternoon. . . . The Ministry of Magic must be full of workers. . . . How would Voldemort and Sirius have got in without being seen Harry . . . theyre probably the two most wanted wizards in the world. . . . You think they could get into a building full of Aurors undetected

I dunno Voldemort used an Invisibility Cloak or something Harry shouted. Anyway the Department of Mysteries has always been completely empty whenever Ive been —

Youve never been there Harry said Hermione quietly. Youve dreamed about the place thats all.

Theyre not normal dreams Harry shouted in her face standing up and taking a step closer to her in turn. He wanted to shake her. How dyou explain Rons dad then what was all that about how come I knew what had happened to him

Hes got a point said Ron quietly looking at Hermione.

But this is just — just so unlikely said Hermione desperately. Harry how on earth could Voldemort have got hold of Sirius when hes been in Grimmauld Place all the time

Sirius mightve cracked and just wanted some fresh air said Ron sounding worried. Hes been desperate to get out of that house for ages —

But why Hermione persisted why on earth would Voldemort want to use Sirius to get the weapon or whatever the thing is

I dunno there could be loads of reasons Harry yelled at her. Maybe Sirius is just someone Voldemort doesnt care about seeing hurt —

You know what Ive just thought of something said Ron in a hushed voice. Siriuss brother was a Death Eater wasnt he Maybe he told Sirius the secret of how to get the weapon

Yeah — and thats why Dumbledores been so keen to keep Sirius locked up all the time said Harry.

Look Im sorry cried Hermione but neither of you are making sense and weve got no proof for any of this no proof Voldemort and Sirius are even there —

Hermione Harrys seen them said Ron rounding on her.

Okay she said looking frightened yet determined Ive just got to say this . . .

What

You . . . This isnt a criticism Harry But you do . . . sort of . . . I mean — dont you think youve got a bit of a — a — saving-people-thing she said.

He glared at her. And whats that supposed to mean a ‘saving-people-thing

Well . . . you . . . She looked more apprehensive than ever. I mean . . . last year for instance . . . in the lake . . . during the Tournament . . . you shouldnt have . . . I mean you didnt need to save that little Delacour girl. . . . You got a bit . . . carried away . . .

A wave of hot prickly anger swept Harrys body — how could she remind him of that blunder now

. . . I mean it was really great of you and everything said Hermione quickly looking positively petrified at the look on Harrys face. Everyone thought it was a wonderful thing to do —

Thats funny said Harry in a trembling voice because I definitely remember Ron saying Id wasted time acting the hero. . . . Is that what you think this is You reckon I want to act the hero again

No no no said Hermione looking aghast. Thats not what I mean at all

Well spit out what youve got to say because were wasting time here Harry shouted.

Im trying to say — Voldemort knows you Harry He took Ginny down into the Chamber of Secrets to lure you there its the kind of thing he does he knows youre the — the sort of person whod go to Siriuss aid What if hes just trying to get you into the Department of Myst — 

Hermione it doesnt matter if hes done it to get me there or not — theyve taken McGonagall to St. Mungos there isnt anyone left from the Order at Hogwarts who we can tell and if we dont go Sirius is dead

But Harry — what if your dream was — was just that a dream

Harry let out a roar of frustration. Hermione actually stepped back from him looking alarmed.

You dont get it Harry shouted at her. Im not having nightmares Im not just dreaming What dyou think all the Occlumency was for why dyou think Dumbledore wanted me prevented from seeing these things Because theyre REAL Hermione — Sirius is trapped — Ive seen him — Voldemorts got him and no one else knows and that means were the only ones who can save him and if you dont want to do it fine but Im going understand And if I remember rightly you didnt have a problem with my saving-people-thing when it was you I was saving from the dementors or — he rounded on Ron — when it was your sister I was saving from the basilisk —

I never said I had a problem said Ron heatedly.

But Harry youve just said it said Hermione fiercely. Dumbledore wanted you to learn to shut these things out of your mind if youd done Occlumency properly youd never have seen this —

IF YOU THINK IM JUST GOING TO ACT LIKE I HAVENT SEEN —

Sirius told you there was nothing more important than you learning to close your mind

WELL I EXPECT HED SAY SOMETHING DIFFERENT IF HE KNEW WHAT ID JUST —

The classroom door opened. Harry Ron and Hermione whipped around. Ginny walked in looking curious followed by Luna who as usual looked as though she had drifted in accidentally.

Hi said Ginny uncertainly. We recognized Harrys voice — what are you yelling about

Never you mind said Harry roughly.

Ginny raised her eyebrows.

Theres no need to take that tone with me she said coolly. I was only wondering whether I could help.

Well you cant said Harry shortly.

Youre being rather rude you know said Luna serenely.

Harry swore and turned away. The very last thing he wanted now was a conversation with Luna Lovegood.

Wait said Hermione suddenly. Wait . . . Harry they can help.

Harry and Ron looked at her.

Listen she said urgently Harry we need to establish whether Sirius really has left headquarters —

Ive told you I saw —

Harry Im begging you please said Hermione desperately. Please lets just check that Sirius isnt at home before we go charging off to London — if we find out hes not there then I swear I wont try and stop you Ill come Ill d-do whatever it takes to try and save him —

Sirius is being tortured NOW shouted Harry. We havent got time to waste —

But if this is a trick of V-Voldemorts — Harry weve got to check weve got to —

How Harry demanded. Howre we going to check

Well have to use Umbridges fire and see if we can contact him said Hermione who looked positively terrified at the thought. Well draw Umbridge away again but well need lookouts and thats where we can use Ginny and Luna.

Though clearly struggling to understand what was going on Ginny said immediately Yeah well do it and Luna said When you say ‘Sirius are you talking about Stubby Boardman

Nobody answered her.

Okay Harry said aggressively to Hermione Okay if you can think of a way of doing this quickly Im with you otherwise Im going to the Department of Mysteries right now —

The Department of Mysteries said Luna looking mildly surprised. But how are you going to get there

Again Harry ignored her.

Right said Hermione twisting her hands together and pacing up and down between the desks. Right . . . well . . . One of us has to go and find Umbridge and — and send her off in the wrong direction keep her away from her office. They could tell her — I dont know — that Peeves is up to something awful as usual . . .

Ill do it said Ron at once. Ill tell her Peeves is smashing up the Transfiguration department or something its miles away from her office. Come to think of it I could probably persuade Peeves to do it if I met him on the way . . .

It was a mark of the seriousness of the situation that Hermione made no objection to the smashing up of the Transfiguration department.

Okay she said her brow furrowed as she continued to pace. Now we need to keep students away from her office while we force entry or some Slytherins bound to go and tip her off . . .

Luna and I can stand at either end of the corridor said Ginny promptly and warn people not to go down there because someones let off a load of Garroting Gas. Hermione looked surprised at the readiness with which Ginny had come up with this lie. Ginny shrugged and said Fred and George were planning to do it before they left.

Okay said Hermione well then Harry you and I will be under the Invisibility Cloak and well sneak into the office and you can talk to Sirius —

Hes not there Hermione

I mean you can — can check whether Sirius is at home or not while I keep watch I dont think you should be in there alone Lees already proved the windows a weak spot sending those nifflers through it.

Even through his anger and impatience Harry recognized Hermiones offer to accompany him into Umbridges office as a sign of solidarity and loyalty.

I . . . okay thanks he muttered.

Right well even if we do all of that I dont think were going to be able to bank on more than five minutes said Hermione looking relieved that Harry seemed to have accepted the plan not with Filch and the wretched Inquisitorial Squad floating around.

Five minutesll be enough said Harry. Cmon lets go —

Now said Hermione looking shocked.

Of course now said Harry angrily. What did you think were going to wait until after dinner or something Hermione Sirius is being tortured right now

I — oh all right she said desperately. You go and get the Invisibility Cloak and well meet you at the end of Umbridges corridor okay

Harry did not answer but flung himself out of the room and began to fight his way through the milling crowds outside. Two floors up he met Seamus and Dean who hailed him jovially and told him they were planning a dusk-till-dawn end-of-exams celebration in the common room. Harry barely heard them. He scrambled through the portrait hole while they were still arguing about how many black-market butterbeers they would need and was climbing back out of it the Invisibility Cloak and Siriuss knife secure in his bag before they noticed he had left them.

Harry dyou want to chip in a couple of Galleons Harold Dingle reckons he could sell us some firewhisky . . .

But Harry was already tearing away back along the corridor and a couple of minutes later was jumping the last few stairs to join Ron Hermione Ginny and Luna who were huddled together at the end of Umbridges corridor.

Got it he panted. Ready to go then

All right whispered Hermione as a gang of loud sixth years passed them. So Ron — you go and head Umbridge off. . . . Ginny Luna if you can start moving people out of the corridor. . . . Harry and I will get the Cloak on and wait until the coast is clear . . .

Ron strode away his bright red hair visible right to the end of the passage. Meanwhile Ginnys equally vivid head bobbed between the jostling students surrounding them in the other direction trailed by Lunas blonde one.

Get over here muttered Hermione tugging at Harrys wrist and pulling him back into a recess where the ugly stone head of a medieval wizard stood muttering to itself on a column. Are — are you sure youre okay Harry Youre still very pale . . .

Im fine he said shortly tugging the Invisibility Cloak from out of his bag. In truth his scar was aching but not so badly that he thought Voldemort had yet dealt Sirius a fatal blow. It had hurt much worse than this when Voldemort had been punishing Avery. . . .

Here he said. He threw the Invisibility Cloak over both of them and they stood listening carefully over the Latin mumblings of the bust in front of them.

You cant come down here Ginny was calling to the crowd. No sorry youre going to have to go round by the swiveling staircase someones let off Garroting Gas just along here —

They could hear people complaining; one surly voice said I cant see no gas . . .

Thats because its colorless said Ginny in a convincingly exasperated voice but if you want to walk through it carry on then well have your body as proof for the next idiot who didnt believe us . . .

Slowly the crowd thinned. The news about the Garroting Gas seemed to have spread — people were not coming this way anymore. When at last the surrounding area was quite clear Hermione said quietly I think thats as good as were going to get Harry — come on lets do it.

Together they moved forward covered by the Cloak. Luna was standing with her back to them at the far end of the corridor. As they passed Ginny Hermione whispered Good one . . . dont forget the signal . . .

Whats the signal muttered Harry as they approached Umbridges door.

A loud chorus of ‘Weasley Is Our King if they see Umbridge coming replied Hermione as Harry inserted the blade of Siriuss knife in the crack between door and wall. The lock clicked open and they entered the office.

The garish kittens were basking in the late afternoon sunshine warming their plates but otherwise the office was as still and empty as last time. Hermione breathed a sigh of relief.

I thought she might have added extra security after the second niffler . . .

They pulled off the Cloak. Hermione hurried over to the window and stood out of sight peering down into the grounds with her wand out. Harry dashed over to the fireplace seized the pot of Floo powder and threw a pinch into the grate causing emerald flames to burst into life there. He knelt down quickly thrust his head into the dancing fire and cried Number twelve Grimmauld Place

His head began to spin as though he had just got off a fairground ride though his knees remained firmly planted upon the cold office floor. He kept his eyes screwed up against the whirling ash and when the spinning stopped he opened them to find himself looking out upon the long cold kitchen of Grimmauld Place.

There was nobody there. He had expected this yet was not prepared for the molten wave of dread and panic that seemed to burst through his stomach floor at the sight of the deserted room.

Sirius he shouted. Sirius are you there

His voice echoed around the room but there was no answer except a tiny scuffing sound to the right of the fire.

Whos there he called wondering whether it was just a mouse.

Kreacher the house-elf came creeping into view. He looked highly delighted about something though he seemed to have recently sustained a nasty injury to both hands which were heavily bandaged.

Its the Potter boys head in the fire Kreacher informed the empty kitchen stealing furtive oddly triumphant glances at Harry. What has he come for Kreacher wonders

Wheres Sirius Kreacher Harry demanded.

The house-elf gave a wheezy chuckle. Master has gone out Harry Potter.

Wheres he gone Wheres he gone Kreacher

Kreacher merely cackled.

Im warning you said Harry fully aware that his scope for inflicting punishment upon Kreacher was almost nonexistent in this position. What about Lupin Mad-Eye Any of them are any of them here

Nobody here but Kreacher said the elf gleefully and turning away from Harry he began to walk slowly toward the door at the end of the kitchen. Kreacher thinks he will have a little chat with his Mistress now yes he hasnt had a chance in a long time Kreachers Master has been keeping him away from her —

Where has Sirius gone Harry yelled after the elf. Kreacher has he gone to the Department of Mysteries

Kreacher stopped in his tracks. Harry could just make out the back of his bald head through the forest of chair legs before him.

Master does not tell poor Kreacher where he is going said the elf quietly.

But you know shouted Harry. Dont you You know where he is

There was a moments silence then the elf let out his loudest cackle yet. Master will not come back from the Department of Mysteries he said gleefully. Kreacher and his Mistress are alone again

And he scurried forward and disappeared through the door to the hall.

You — 

But before he could utter a single curse or insult Harry felt a great pain at the top of his head. He inhaled a lot of ash and choking found himself being dragged backward through the flames until with a horrible abruptness he was staring up into the wide pallid face of Professor Umbridge who had dragged him backward out of the fire by the hair and was now bending his neck back as far as it would go as though she was going to slit his throat.

You think she whispered bending Harrys neck back even farther so that he was looking up at the ceiling above him that after two nifflers I was going to let one more foul scavenging little creature enter my office without my knowledge I had Stealth Sensoring Spells placed all around my doorway after the last one got in you foolish boy. Take his wand she barked at someone he could not see and he felt a hand grope inside the chest pocket of his robes and remove the wand. Hers too . . .

Harry heard a scuffle over by the door and knew that Hermione had just had her wand wrested from her as well.

I want to know why you are in my office said Umbridge shaking the fist clutching his hair so that he staggered.

I was — trying to get my Firebolt Harry croaked.

Liar. She shook his head again. Your Firebolt is under strict guard in the dungeons as you very well know Potter. You had your head in my fire. With whom have you been communicating

No one — said Harry trying to pull away from her. He felt several hairs part company with his scalp.

Liar shouted Umbridge. She threw him from her and he slammed into the desk. Now he could see Hermione pinioned against the wall by Millicent Bulstrode. Malfoy was leaning on the windowsill smirking as he threw Harrys wand into the air one-handed and then caught it again.

There was a commotion outside and several large Slytherins entered each gripping Ron Ginny Luna and — to Harrys bewilderment — Neville who was trapped in a stranglehold by Crabbe and looked in imminent danger of suffocation. All four of them had been gagged.

Got em all said Warrington shoving Ron roughly forward into the room. That one he poked a thick finger at Neville tried to stop me taking her he pointed at Ginny who was trying to kick the shins of the large Slytherin girl holding her so I brought him along too.

Good good said Umbridge watching Ginnys struggles. Well it looks as though Hogwarts will shortly be a Weasley-free zone doesnt it

Malfoy laughed loudly and sycophantically. Umbridge gave her wide complacent smile and settled herself into a chintz-covered armchair blinking up at her captives like a toad in a flowerbed.

So Potter she said. You stationed lookouts around my office and you sent this buffoon she nodded at Ron and Malfoy laughed even louder to tell me the poltergeist was wreaking havoc in the Transfiguration department when I knew perfectly well that he was busy smearing ink on the eyepieces of all the school telescopes Mr. Filch having just informed me so.

Clearly it was very important for you to talk to somebody. Was it Albus Dumbledore Or the half-breed Hagrid I doubt it was Minerva McGonagall I hear she is still too ill to talk to anyone . . .

Malfoy and a few of the other members of the Inquisitorial Squad laughed some more at that. Harry found he was so full of rage and hatred he was shaking.

Its none of your business who I talk to he snarled.

Umbridges slack face seemed to tighten.

Very well she said in her most dangerous and falsely sweet voice. Very well Mr. Potter . . . I offered you the chance to tell me freely. You refused. I have no alternative but to force you. Draco — fetch Professor Snape.

Malfoy stowed Harrys wand inside his robes and left the room smirking but Harry hardly noticed. He had just realized something; he could not believe he had been so stupid as to forget it. He had thought that all the members of the Order all those who could help him save Sirius were gone — but he had been wrong. There was still a member of the Order of the Phoenix at Hogwarts — Snape.

There was silence in the office except for the fidgetings and scufflings resultant from the Slytherins efforts to keep Ron and the others under control. Rons lip was bleeding onto Umbridges carpet as he struggled against Warringtons half nelson. Ginny was still trying to stamp on the feet of the sixth-year girl who had both her upper arms in a tight grip. Neville was turning steadily more purple in the face while tugging at Crabbes arms and Hermione was attempting vainly to throw Millicent Bulstrode off her. Luna however stood limply by the side of her captor gazing vaguely out of the window as though rather bored by the proceedings.

Harry looked back at Umbridge who was watching him closely. He kept his face deliberately smooth and blank as footsteps were heard in the corridor outside and Draco Malfoy came back into the room holding open the door for Snape.

You wanted to see me Headmistress said Snape looking around at all the pairs of struggling students with an expression of complete indifference.

Ah Professor Snape said Umbridge smiling widely and standing up again. Yes I would like another bottle of Veritaserum as quick as you can please.

You took my last bottle to interrogate Potter he said observing her coolly through his greasy curtains of black hair. Surely you did not use it all I told you that three drops would be sufficient.

Umbridge flushed.

You can make some more cant you she said her voice becoming more sweetly girlish as it always did when she was furious.

Certainly said Snape his lip curling. It takes a full moon cycle to mature so I should have it ready for you in around a month.

A month squawked Umbridge swelling toadishly. A month But I need it this evening Snape I have just found Potter using my fire to communicate with a person or persons unknown

Really said Snape showing his first faint sign of interest as he looked around at Harry. Well it doesnt surprise me. Potter has never shown much inclination to follow school rules.

His cold dark eyes were boring into Harrys who met his gaze unflinchingly concentrating hard on what he had seen in his dream willing Snape to read it in his mind to understand . . .

I wish to interrogate him shouted Umbridge angrily and Snape looked away from Harry back into her furiously quivering face. I wish you to provide me with a potion that will force him to tell me the truth

I have already told you said Snape smoothly that I have no further stocks of Veritaserum. Unless you wish to poison Potter — and I assure you I would have the greatest sympathy with you if you did — I cannot help you. The only trouble is that most venoms act too fast to give the victim much time for truth-telling . . .

Snape looked back at Harry who stared at him frantic to communicate without words.

Voldemorts got Sirius in the Department of Mysteries he thought desperately. Voldemorts got Sirius —

You are on probation shrieked Professor Umbridge and Snape looked back at her his eyebrows slightly raised. You are being deliberately unhelpful I expected better Lucius Malfoy always speaks most highly of you Now get out of my office

Snape gave her an ironic bow and turned to leave. Harry knew his last chance of letting the Order know what was going on was walking out of the door.

Hes got Padfoot he shouted. Hes got Padfoot at the place where its hidden

Snape had stopped with his hand on Umbridges door handle.

Padfoot cried Professor Umbridge looking eagerly from Harry to Snape. What is Padfoot Where what is hidden What does he mean Snape

Snape looked around at Harry. His face was inscrutable. Harry could not tell whether he had understood or not but he did not dare speak more plainly in front of Umbridge.

I have no idea said Snape coldly. Potter when I want nonsense shouted at me I shall give you a Babbling Beverage. And Crabbe loosen your hold a little if Longbottom suffocates it will mean a lot of tedious paperwork and I am afraid I shall have to mention it on your reference if ever you apply for a job.

He closed the door behind him with a snap leaving Harry in a state of worse turmoil than before: Snape had been his very last hope. He looked at Umbridge who seemed to be feeling the same way; her chest was heaving with rage and frustration.

Very well she said and she pulled out her wand. Very well . . . I am left with no alternative. . . . This is more than a matter of school discipline. . . . This is an issue of Ministry security. . . . Yes . . . yes . . .

She seemed to be talking herself into something. She was shifting her weight nervously from foot to foot staring at Harry beating her wand against her empty palm and breathing heavily. Harry felt horribly powerless without his own wand as he watched her.

You are forcing me Potter. . . . I do not want to said Umbridge still moving restlessly on the spot but sometimes circumstances justify the use . . . I am sure the Minister will understand that I had no choice . . .

Malfoy was watching her with a hungry expression on his face.

The Cruciatus Curse ought to loosen your tongue said Umbridge quietly.

No shrieked Hermione. Professor Umbridge — its illegal — but Umbridge took no notice. There was a nasty eager excited look on her face that Harry had never seen before. She raised her wand.

The Minister wouldnt want you to break the law Professor Umbridge cried Hermione.

What Cornelius doesnt know wont hurt him said Umbridge who was now panting slightly as she pointed her wand at different parts of Harrys body in turn apparently trying to decide what would hurt the most. He never knew I ordered dementors after Potter last summer but he was delighted to be given the chance to expel him all the same. . . .

It was you gasped Harry. You sent the dementors after me

Somebody had to act breathed Umbridge as her wand came to rest pointing directly at Harrys forehead. They were all bleating about silencing you somehow — discrediting you — but I was the one who actually did something about it . . . Only you wriggled out of that one didnt you Potter Not today though not now . . .

And taking a deep breath she cried Cruc —

NO shouted Hermione in a cracked voice from behind Millicent Bulstrode. No — Harry — Harry well have to tell her

No way yelled Harry staring at the little of Hermione he could see.

Well have to Harry shell force it out of you anyway whats . . . whats the point . . . 

And Hermione began to cry weakly into the back of Millicent Bulstrodes robes. Millicent stopped trying to squash her against the wall immediately and dodged out of her way looking disgusted.

Well well well said Umbridge looking triumphant. Little Miss Question-All is going to give us some answers Come on then girl come on

Er — my — nee — no shouted Ron through his gag.

Ginny was staring at Hermione as though she had never seen her before; Neville still choking for breath was gazing at her too. But Harry had just noticed something. Though Hermione was sobbing desperately into her hands there was no trace of a tear. . . .

Im — Im sorry everyone said Hermione. But — I cant stand it —

Thats right thats right girl said Umbridge seizing Hermione by the shoulders thrusting her into the abandoned chintz chair and leaning over her. Now then . . . with whom was Potter communicating just now

Well gulped Hermione into her hands well he was trying to speak to Professor Dumbledore . . .

Ron froze his eyes wide; Ginny stopped trying to stamp on her Slytherin captors toes; even Luna looked mildly surprised. Fortunately the attention of Umbridge and her minions was focused too exclusively upon Hermione to notice these suspicious signs.

Dumbledore said Umbridge eagerly. You know where Dumbledore is then

Well . . . no sobbed Hermione. Weve tried the Leaky Cauldron in Diagon Alley and the Three Broomsticks and even the Hogs Head —

Idiot girl Dumbledore wont be sitting in a pub when the whole Ministrys looking for him shouted Umbridge disappointment etched in every sagging line of her face.

But — but we needed to tell him something important wailed Hermione holding her hands more tightly over her face not Harry knew out of anguish but to disguise the continued absence of tears.

Yes said Umbridge with a sudden resurgence of excitement. What was it you wanted to tell him

We . . . we wanted to tell him its r-ready choked Hermione.

Whats ready demanded Umbridge and now she grabbed Hermiones shoulders again and shook her slightly. Whats ready girl

The . . . the weapon said Hermione.

Weapon Weapon said Umbridge and her eyes seemed to pop with excitement. You have been developing some method of resistance A weapon you could use against the Ministry On Professor Dumbledores orders of course

Y-y-yes gasped Hermione. But he had to leave before it was finished and n-n-now weve finished it for him and we c-c-cant find him t-t-to tell him

What kind of weapon is it said Umbridge harshly her stubby hands still tight on Hermiones shoulders.

We dont r-r-really understand it said Hermione sniffing loudly. We j-j-just did what P-P-Professor Dumbledore told us t-t-to do . . .

Umbridge straightened up looking exultant.

Lead me to the weapon she said.

Im not showing . . . them said Hermione shrilly looking around at the Slytherins through her fingers.

It is not for you to set conditions said Professor Umbridge harshly.

Fine said Hermione now sobbing into her hands again fine . . . let them see it I hope they use it on you In fact I wish youd invite loads and loads of people to come and see Th-that would serve you right — oh Id love it if the wh-whole school knew where it was and how to u-use it and then if you annoy any of them theyll be able to s-sort you out

These words had a powerful impact on Umbridge. She glanced swiftly and suspiciously around at her Inquisitorial Squad her bulging eyes resting for a moment on Malfoy who was too slow to disguise the look of eagerness and greed that had appeared on his face.

Umbridge contemplated Hermione for another long moment and then spoke in what she clearly thought was a motherly voice. All right dear lets make it just you and me . . . and well take Potter too shall we Get up now —

Professor said Malfoy eagerly Professor Umbridge I think some of the squad should come with you to look after —

I am a fully qualified Ministry official Malfoy do you really think I cannot manage two wandless teenagers alone asked Umbridge sharply. In any case it does not sound as though this weapon is something that schoolchildren should see. You will remain here until I return and make sure none of these — she gestured around at Ron Ginny Neville and Luna — escape.

All right said Malfoy looking sulky and disappointed.

And you two can go ahead of me and show me the way said Umbridge pointing at Harry and Hermione with her wand. Lead on . . .




