




MAYHEM AT THE MINISTRY




Mr. Weasley woke them after only a few hours sleep. He used magic to pack up the tents and they left the campsite as quickly as possible passing Mr. Roberts at the door of his cottage. Mr. Roberts had a strange dazed look about him and he waved them off with a vague Merry Christmas.

Hell be all right said Mr. Weasley quietly as they marched off onto the moor. Sometimes when a persons memorys modified it makes him a bit disorientated for a while . . . and that was a big thing they had to make him forget.

They heard urgent voices as they approached the spot where the Portkeys lay and when they reached it they found a great number of witches and wizards gathered around Basil the keeper of the Portkeys all clamoring to get away from the campsite as quickly as possible. Mr. Weasley had a hurried discussion with Basil; they joined the queue and were able to take an old rubber tire back to Stoatshead Hill before the sun had really risen. They walked back through Ottery St. Catchpole and up the damp lane toward the Burrow in the dawn light talking very little because they were so exhausted and thinking longingly of their breakfast. As they rounded the corner and the Burrow came into view a cry echoed along the lane.

Oh thank goodness thank goodness

Mrs. Weasley who had evidently been waiting for them in the front yard came running toward them still wearing her bedroom slippers her face pale and strained a rolled-up copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in her hand.

Arthur — Ive been so worried — so worried —

She flung her arms around Mr. Weasleys neck and the Daily Prophet fell out of her limp hand onto the ground. Looking down Harry saw the headline: SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP complete with a twinkling black-and-white photograph of the Dark Mark over the treetops.

Youre all right Mrs. Weasley muttered distractedly releasing Mr. Weasley and staring around at them all with red eyes youre alive. . . . Oh boys . . .

And to everybodys surprise she seized Fred and George and pulled them both into such a tight hug that their heads banged together.

Ouch Mum — youre strangling us —

I shouted at you before you left Mrs. Weasley said starting to sob. Its all Ive been thinking about What if You-Know-Who had got you and the last thing I ever said to you was that you didnt get enough O.W.L.s Oh Fred . . . George . . .

Come on now Molly were all perfectly okay said Mr. Weasley soothingly prising her off the twins and leading her back toward the house. Bill he added in an undertone pick up that paper I want to see what it says. . . .

When they were all crammed into the tiny kitchen and Hermione had made Mrs. Weasley a cup of very strong tea into which Mr. Weasley insisted on pouring a shot of Ogdens Old Firewhisky Bill handed his father the newspaper. Mr. Weasley scanned the front page while Percy looked over his shoulder.

I knew it said Mr. Weasley heavily. Ministry blunders . . . culprits not apprehended . . . lax security . . . Dark wizards running unchecked . . . national disgrace . . . Who wrote this Ah . . . of course . . . Rita Skeeter.

That womans got it in for the Ministry of Magic said Percy furiously. Last week she was saying were wasting our time quibbling about cauldron thickness when we should be stamping out vampires As if it wasnt specifically stated in paragraph twelve of the Guidelines for the Treatment of Non-Wizard Part-Humans —

Do us a favor Perce said Bill yawning and shut up.

Im mentioned said Mr. Weasley his eyes widening behind his glasses as he reached the bottom of the Daily Prophet article.

Where spluttered Mrs. Weasley choking on her tea and whisky. If Id seen that Id have known you were alive

Not by name said Mr. Weasley. Listen to this: ‘If the terrified wizards and witches who waited breathlessly for news at the edge of the wood expected reassurance from the Ministry of Magic they were sadly disappointed. A Ministry official emerged some time after the appearance of the Dark Mark alleging that nobody had been hurt but refusing to give any more information. Whether this statement will be enough to quash the rumors that several bodies were removed from the woods an hour later remains to be seen. Oh really said Mr. Weasley in exasperation handing the paper to Percy. Nobody was hurt. What was I supposed to say Rumors that several bodies were removed from the woods . . . well there certainly will be rumors now shes printed that.

He heaved a deep sigh. Molly Im going to have to go into the office; this is going to take some smoothing over.

Ill come with you Father said Percy importantly. Mr. Crouch will need all hands on deck. And I can give him my cauldron report in person.

He bustled out of the kitchen. Mrs. Weasley looked most upset.

Arthur youre supposed to be on holiday This hasnt got anything to do with your office; surely they can handle this without you

Ive got to go Molly said Mr. Weasley. Ive made things worse. Ill just change into my robes and Ill be off. . . .

Mrs. Weasley said Harry suddenly unable to contain himself Hedwig hasnt arrived with a letter for me has she

Hedwig dear said Mrs. Weasley distractedly. No . . . no there hasnt been any post at all.

Ron and Hermione looked curiously at Harry. With a meaningful look at both of them he said All right if I go and dump my stuff in your room Ron

Yeah . . . think I will too said Ron at once. Hermione

Yes she said quickly and the three of them marched out of the kitchen and up the stairs.

Whats up Harry said Ron the moment they had closed the door of the attic room behind them.

Theres something I havent told you Harry said. On Saturday morning I woke up with my scar hurting again.

Rons and Hermiones reactions were almost exactly as Harry had imagined them back in his bedroom on Privet Drive. Hermione gasped and started making suggestions at once mentioning a number of reference books and everybody from Albus Dumbledore to Madam Pomfrey the Hogwarts nurse. Ron simply looked dumbstruck.

But — he wasnt there was he You-Know-Who I mean — last time your scar kept hurting he was at Hogwarts wasnt he

Im sure he wasnt on Privet Drive said Harry. But I was dreaming about him . . . him and Peter — you know Wormtail. I cant remember all of it now but they were plotting to kill . . . someone.

He had teetered for a moment on the verge of saying me but couldnt bring himself to make Hermione look any more horrified than she already did.

It was only a dream said Ron bracingly. Just a nightmare.

Yeah but was it though said Harry turning to look out of the window at the brightening sky. Its weird isnt it . . . My scar hurts and three days later the Death Eaters are on the march and Voldemorts signs up in the sky again.

Dont — say — his — name Ron hissed through gritted teeth.

And remember what Professor Trelawney said Harry went on ignoring Ron. At the end of last year

Professor Trelawney was their Divination teacher at Hogwarts. Hermiones terrified look vanished as she let out a derisive snort.

Oh Harry you arent going to pay attention to anything that old fraud says

You werent there said Harry. You didnt hear her. This time was different. I told you she went into a trance — a real one. And she said the Dark Lord would rise again . . . greater and more terrible than ever before . . . and hed manage it because his servant was going to go back to him . . . and that night Wormtail escaped.

There was a silence in which Ron fidgeted absentmindedly with a hole in his Chudley Cannons bedspread.

Why were you asking if Hedwig had come Harry Hermione asked. Are you expecting a letter

I told Sirius about my scar said Harry shrugging. Im waiting for his answer.

Good thinking said Ron his expression clearing. I bet Siriusll know what to do

I hoped hed get back to me quickly said Harry.

But we dont know where Sirius is . . . he could be in Africa or somewhere couldnt he said Hermione reasonably. Hedwigs not going to manage that journey in a few days.

Yeah I know said Harry but there was a leaden feeling in his stomach as he looked out of the window at the Hedwig-free sky.

Come and have a game of Quidditch in the orchard Harry said Ron. Come on — three on three Bill and Charlie and Fred and George will play. . . . You can try out the Wronski Feint. . . .

Ron said Hermione in an I-dont-think-youre-being-very-sensitive sort of voice Harry doesnt want to play Quidditch right now. . . . Hes worried and hes tired. . . . We all need to go to bed. . . .

Yeah I want to play Quidditch said Harry suddenly. Hang on Ill get my Firebolt.

Hermione left the room muttering something that sounded very much like Boys.

Neither Mr. Weasley nor Percy was at home much over the following week. Both left the house each morning before the rest of the family got up and returned well after dinner every night.

Its been an absolute uproar Percy told them importantly the Sunday evening before they were due to return to Hogwarts. Ive been putting out fires all week. People keep sending Howlers and of course if you dont open a Howler straight away it explodes. Scorch marks all over my desk and my best quill reduced to cinders.

Why are they all sending Howlers asked Ginny who was mending her copy of One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi with Spellotape on the rug in front of the living room fire.

Complaining about security at the World Cup said Percy. They want compensation for their ruined property. Mundungus Fletchers put in a claim for a twelve-bedroomed tent with en-suite Jacuzzi but Ive got his number. I know for a fact he was sleeping under a cloak propped on sticks.

Mrs. Weasley glanced at the grandfather clock in the corner. Harry liked this clock. It was completely useless if you wanted to know the time but otherwise very informative. It had nine golden hands and each of them was engraved with one of the Weasley familys names. There were no numerals around the face but descriptions of where each family member might be. Home school and work were there but there was also traveling lost hospital prison and in the position where the number twelve would be on a normal clock mortal peril.

Eight of the hands were currently pointing to the home position but Mr. Weasleys which was the longest was still pointing to work. Mrs. Weasley sighed.

Your father hasnt had to go into the office on weekends since the days of You-Know-Who she said. Theyre working him far too hard. His dinners going to be ruined if he doesnt come home soon.

Well Father feels hes got to make up for his mistake at the match doesnt he said Percy. If truth be told he was a tad unwise to make a public statement without clearing it with his Head of Department first —

Dont you dare blame your father for what that wretched Skeeter woman wrote said Mrs. Weasley flaring up at once.

If Dad hadnt said anything old Rita would just have said it was disgraceful that nobody from the Ministry had commented said Bill who was playing chess with Ron. Rita Skeeter never makes anyone look good. Remember she interviewed all the Gringotts Charm Breakers once and called me ‘a long-haired pillock

Well it is a bit long dear said Mrs. Weasley gently. If youd just let me —

No Mum.

Rain lashed against the living room window. Hermione was immersed in The Standard Book of Spells Grade 4 copies of which Mrs. Weasley had bought for her Harry and Ron in Diagon Alley. Charlie was darning a fireproof balaclava. Harry was polishing his Firebolt the broomstick servicing kit Hermione had given him for his thirteenth birthday open at his feet. Fred and George were sitting in a far corner quills out talking in whispers their heads bent over a piece of parchment.

What are you two up to said Mrs. Weasley sharply her eyes on the twins.

Homework said Fred vaguely.

Dont be ridiculous youre still on holiday said Mrs. Weasley.

Yeah weve left it a bit late said George.

Youre not by any chance writing out a new order form are you said Mrs. Weasley shrewdly. You wouldnt be thinking of re-starting Weasleys Wizard Wheezes by any chance

Now Mum said Fred looking up at her a pained look on his face. If the Hogwarts Express crashed tomorrow and George and I died how would you feel to know that the last thing we ever heard from you was an unfounded accusation

Everyone laughed even Mrs. Weasley.

Oh your fathers coming she said suddenly looking up at the clock again.

Mr. Weasleys hand had suddenly spun from work to traveling; a second later it had shuddered to a halt on home with the others and they heard him calling from the kitchen.

Coming Arthur called Mrs. Weasley hurrying out of the room.

A few moments later Mr. Weasley came into the warm living room carrying his dinner on a tray. He looked completely exhausted.

Well the fats really in the fire now he told Mrs. Weasley as he sat down in an armchair near the hearth and toyed unenthusiastically with his somewhat shriveled cauliflower. Rita Skeeters been ferreting around all week looking for more Ministry mess-ups to report. And now shes found out about poor old Bertha going missing so thatll be the headline in the Prophet tomorrow. I told Bagman he should have sent someone to look for her ages ago.

Mr. Crouch has been saying it for weeks and weeks said Percy swiftly.

Crouch is very lucky Rita hasnt found out about Winky said Mr. Weasley irritably. Thered be a weeks worth of headlines in his house-elf being caught holding the wand that conjured the Dark Mark.

I thought we were all agreed that that elf while irresponsible did not conjure the Mark said Percy hotly.

If you ask me Mr. Crouch is very lucky no one at the Daily Prophet knows how mean he is to elves said Hermione angrily.

Now look here Hermione said Percy. A high-ranking Ministry official like Mr. Crouch deserves unswerving obedience from his servants —

His slave you mean said Hermione her voice rising passionately because he didnt pay Winky did he

I think youd all better go upstairs and check that youve packed properly said Mrs. Weasley breaking up the argument. Come on now all of you. . . .

Harry repacked his broomstick servicing kit put his Firebolt over his shoulder and went back upstairs with Ron. The rain sounded even louder at the top of the house accompanied by loud whistlings and moans from the wind not to mention sporadic howls from the ghoul who lived in the attic. Pigwidgeon began twittering and zooming around his cage when they entered. The sight of the half-packed trunks seemed to have sent him into a frenzy of excitement.

Bung him some Owl Treats said Ron throwing a packet across to Harry. It might shut him up.

Harry poked a few Owl Treats through the bars of Pigwidgeons cage then turned to his trunk. Hedwigs cage stood next to it still empty.

Its been over a week Harry said looking at Hedwigs deserted perch. Ron you dont reckon Sirius has been caught do you

Nah it wouldve been in the Daily Prophet said Ron. The Ministry would want to show theyd caught someone wouldnt they

Yeah I suppose. . . .

Look heres the stuff Mum got for you in Diagon Alley. And shes got some gold out of your vault for you . . . and shes washed all your socks.

He heaved a pile of parcels onto Harrys camp bed and dropped the money bag and a load of socks next to it. Harry started unwrapping the shopping. Apart from The Standard Book of Spells Grade 4 by Miranda Goshawk he had a handful of new quills a dozen rolls of parchment and refills for his potion-making kit — he had been running low on spine of lionfish and essence of belladonna. He was just piling underwear into his cauldron when Ron made a loud noise of disgust behind him.

What is that supposed to be

He was holding up something that looked to Harry like a long maroon velvet dress. It had a moldy-looking lace frill at the collar and matching lace cuffs.

There was a knock on the door and Mrs. Weasley entered carrying an armful of freshly laundered Hogwarts robes.

Here you are she said sorting them into two piles. Now mind you pack them properly so they dont crease.

Mum youve given me Ginnys new dress said Ron handing it out to her.

Of course I havent said Mrs. Weasley. Thats for you. Dress robes.

What said Ron looking horror-struck.

Dress robes repeated Mrs. Weasley. It says on your school list that youre supposed to have dress robes this year . . . robes for formal occasions.

Youve got to be kidding said Ron in disbelief. Im not wearing that no way.

Everyone wears them Ron said Mrs. Weasley crossly. Theyre all like that Your fathers got some for smart parties

Ill go starkers before I put that on said Ron stubbornly.

Dont be so silly said Mrs. Weasley. Youve got to have dress robes theyre on your list I got some for Harry too . . . show him Harry. . . .

In some trepidation Harry opened the last parcel on his camp bed. It wasnt as bad as he had expected however; his dress robes didnt have any lace on them at all — in fact they were more or less the same as his school ones except that they were bottle green instead of black.

I thought theyd bring out the color of your eyes dear said Mrs. Weasley fondly.

Well theyre okay said Ron angrily looking at Harrys robes. Why couldnt I have some like that

Because . . . well I had to get yours secondhand and there wasnt a lot of choice said Mrs. Weasley flushing.

Harry looked away. He would willingly have split all the money in his Gringotts vault with the Weasleys but he knew they would never take it.

Im never wearing them Ron was saying stubbornly. Never.

Fine snapped Mrs. Weasley. Go naked. And Harry make sure you get a picture of him. Goodness knows I could do with a laugh.

She left the room slamming the door behind her. There was a funny spluttering noise from behind them. Pigwidgeon was choking on an overlarge Owl Treat.

Why is everything I own rubbish said Ron furiously striding across the room to unstick Pigwidgeons beak.




