




THE DREAM




It comes down to this said Hermione rubbing her forehead. Either Mr. Crouch attacked Viktor or somebody else attacked both of them when Viktor wasnt looking.

It mustve been Crouch said Ron at once. Thats why he was gone when Harry and Dumbledore got there. Hed done a runner.

I dont think so said Harry shaking his head. He seemed really weak — I dont reckon he was up to Disapparating or anything.

You cant Disapparate on the Hogwarts grounds havent I told you enough times said Hermione.

Okay . . . hows this for a theory said Ron excitedly. Krum attacked Crouch — no wait for it — and then Stunned himself

And Mr. Crouch evaporated did he said Hermione coldly.

Oh yeah . . .

It was daybreak. Harry Ron and Hermione had crept out of their dormitories very early and hurried up to the Owlery together to send a note to Sirius. Now they were standing looking out at the misty grounds. All three of them were puffy-eyed and pale because they had been talking late into the night about Mr. Crouch.

Just go through it again Harry said Hermione. What did Mr. Crouch actually say

Ive told you he wasnt making much sense said Harry. He said he wanted to warn Dumbledore about something. He definitely mentioned Bertha Jorkins and he seemed to think she was dead. He kept saying stuff was his fault. . . . He mentioned his son.

Well that was his fault said Hermione testily.

He was out of his mind said Harry. Half the time he seemed to think his wife and son were still alive and he kept talking to Percy about work and giving him instructions.

And . . . remind me what he said about You-Know-Who said Ron tentatively.

Ive told you Harry repeated dully. He said hes getting stronger.

There was a pause. Then Ron said in a falsely confident voice But he was out of his mind like you said so half of it was probably just raving. . . .

He was sanest when he was trying to talk about Voldemort said Harry and Ron winced at the sound of the name. He was having real trouble stringing two words together but that was when he seemed to know where he was and know what he wanted to do. He just kept saying he had to see Dumbledore.

Harry turned away from the window and stared up into the rafters. The many perches were half-empty; every now and then another owl would swoop in through one of the windows returning from its nights hunting with a mouse in its beak.

If Snape hadnt held me up Harry said bitterly we mightve got there in time. ‘The headmaster is busy Potter . . . whats this rubbish Potter Why couldnt he have just got out of the way

Maybe he didnt want you to get there said Ron quickly. Maybe — hang on — how fast dyou reckon he couldve gotten down to the forest Dyou reckon he couldve beaten you and Dumbledore there

Not unless he can turn himself into a bat or something said Harry.

Wouldnt put it past him Ron muttered.

We need to see Professor Moody said Hermione. We need to find out whether he found Mr. Crouch.

If he had the Marauders Map on him it wouldve been easy said Harry.

Unless Crouch was already outside the grounds said Ron because it only shows up to the boundaries doesnt —

Shh said Hermione suddenly.

Somebody was climbing the steps up to the Owlery. Harry could hear two voices arguing coming closer and closer.

— thats blackmail that is we could get into a lot of trouble for that —

— weve tried being polite; its time to play dirty like him. He wouldnt like the Ministry of Magic knowing what he did —

Im telling you if you put that in writing its blackmail

Yeah and you wont be complaining if we get a nice fat payoff will you

The Owlery door banged open. Fred and George came over the threshold then froze at the sight of Harry Ron and Hermione.

Whatre you doing here Ron and Fred said at the same time.

Sending a letter said Harry and George in unison.

What at this time said Hermione and Fred.

Fred grinned.

Fine — we wont ask you what youre doing if you dont ask us he said.

He was holding a sealed envelope in his hands. Harry glanced at it but Fred whether accidentally or on purpose shifted his hand so that the name on it was covered.

Well dont let us hold you up Fred said making a mock bow and pointing at the door.

Ron didnt move. Whore you blackmailing he said.

The grin vanished from Freds face. Harry saw George half glance at Fred before smiling at Ron.

Dont be stupid I was only joking he said easily.

Didnt sound like that said Ron.

Fred and George looked at each other. Then Fred said abruptly Ive told you before Ron keep your nose out if you like it the shape it is. Cant see why you would but —

Its my business if youre blackmailing someone said Ron. Georges right you could end up in serious trouble for that.

Told you I was joking said George. He walked over to Fred pulled the letter out of his hands and began attaching it to the leg of the nearest barn owl. Youre starting to sound a bit like our dear older brother you are Ron. Carry on like this and youll be made a prefect.

No I wont said Ron hotly.

George carried the barn owl over to the window and it took off. George turned around and grinned at Ron.

Well stop telling people what to do then. See you later.

He and Fred left the Owlery. Harry Ron and Hermione stared at one another.

You dont think they know something about all this do you Hermione whispered. About Crouch and everything

No said Harry. If it was something that serious theyd tell someone. Theyd tell Dumbledore.

Ron however was looking uncomfortable.

Whats the matter Hermione asked him.

Well . . . said Ron slowly I dunno if they would. Theyre . . . theyre obsessed with making money lately I noticed it when I was hanging around with them — when — you know —

We werent talking. Harry finished the sentence for him. Yeah but blackmail . . .

Its this joke shop idea theyve got said Ron. I thought they were only saying it to annoy Mum but they really mean it they want to start one. Theyve only got a year left at Hogwarts they keep going on about how its time to think about their future and Dad cant help them and they need gold to get started.

Hermione was looking uncomfortable now.

Yes but . . . they wouldnt do anything against the law to get gold.

Wouldnt they said Ron looking skeptical. I dunno . . . they dont exactly mind breaking rules do they

Yes but this is the law said Hermione looking scared. This isnt some silly school rule. . . . Theyll get a lot more than detention for blackmail Ron . . . maybe youd better tell Percy. . . .

Are you mad said Ron. Tell Percy Hed probably do a Crouch and turn them in. He stared at the window through which Fred and Georges owl had departed then said Come on lets get some breakfast.

Dyou think its too early to go and see Professor Moody Hermione said as they went down the spiral staircase.

Yes said Harry. Hed probably blast us through the door if we wake him at the crack of dawn; hell think were trying to attack him while hes asleep. Lets give it till break.

History of Magic had rarely gone so slowly. Harry kept checking Rons watch having finally discarded his own but Rons was moving so slowly he could have sworn it had stopped working too. All three of them were so tired they could happily have put their heads down on the desks and slept; even Hermione wasnt taking her usual notes but was sitting with her head on her hand gazing at Professor Binns with her eyes out of focus.

When the bell finally rang they hurried out into the corridors toward the Dark Arts classroom and found Professor Moody leaving it. He looked as tired as they felt. The eyelid of his normal eye was drooping giving his face an even more lopsided appearance than usual.

Professor Moody Harry called as they made their way toward him through the crowd.

Hello Potter growled Moody. His magical eye followed a couple of passing first years who sped up looking nervous; it rolled into the back of Moodys head and watched them around the corner before he spoke again.

Come in here.

He stood back to let them into his empty classroom limped in after them and closed the door.

Did you find him Harry asked without preamble. Mr. Crouch

No said Moody. He moved over to his desk sat down stretched out his wooden leg with a slight groan and pulled out his hip flask.

Did you use the map Harry said.

Of course said Moody taking a swig from his flask. Took a leaf out of your book Potter. Summoned it from my office into the forest. He wasnt anywhere on there.

So he did Disapparate said Ron.

You cant Disapparate on the grounds Ron said Hermione. There are other ways he could have disappeared arent there Professor

Moodys magical eye quivered as it rested on Hermione. Youre another one who might think about a career as an Auror he told her. Mind works the right way Granger.

Hermione flushed pink with pleasure.

Well he wasnt invisible said Harry. The map shows invisible people. He mustve left the grounds then.

But under his own steam said Hermione eagerly or because someone made him

Yeah someone couldve — couldve pulled him onto a broom and flown off with him couldnt they said Ron quickly looking hopefully at Moody as if he too wanted to be told he had the makings of an Auror.

We cant rule out kidnap growled Moody.

So said Ron dyou reckon hes somewhere in Hogsmeade

Could be anywhere said Moody shaking his head. Only thing we know for sure is that hes not here.

He yawned widely so that his scars stretched and his lopsided mouth revealed a number of missing teeth. Then he said Now Dumbledores told me you three fancy yourselves as investigators but theres nothing you can do for Crouch. The Ministryll be looking for him now Dumbledores notified them. Potter you just keep your mind on the third task.

What said Harry. Oh yeah . . .

He hadnt given the maze a single thought since hed left it with Krum the previous night.

Should be right up your street this one said Moody looking up at Harry and scratching his scarred and stubbly chin. From what Dumbledores said youve managed to get through stuff like this plenty of times. Broke your way through a series of obstacles guarding the Sorcerers Stone in your first year didnt you

We helped Ron said quickly. Me and Hermione helped.

Moody grinned.

Well help him practice for this one and Ill be very surprised if he doesnt win said Moody. In the meantime . . . constant vigilance Potter. Constant vigilance. He took another long draw from his hip flask and his magical eye swiveled onto the window. The topmost sail of the Durmstrang ship was visible through it.

You two counseled Moody his normal eye on Ron and Hermione you stick close to Potter all right Im keeping an eye on things but all the same . . . you can never have too many eyes out.

Sirius sent their owl back the very next morning. It fluttered down beside Harry at the same moment that a tawny owl landed in front of Hermione clutching a copy of the Daily Prophet in its beak. She took the newspaper scanned the first few pages said Ha She hasnt got wind of Crouch then joined Ron and Harry in reading what Sirius had to say on the mysterious events of the night before last.

Harry — what do you think you are playing at walking off into the forest with Viktor Krum I want you to swear by return owl that you are not going to go walking with anyone else at night. There is somebody highly dangerous at Hogwarts. It is clear to me that they wanted to stop Crouch from seeing Dumbledore and you were probably feet away from them in the dark. You could have been killed.

Your name didnt get into the Goblet of Fire by accident. If someones trying to attack you theyre on their last chance. Stay close to Ron and Hermione do not leave Gryffindor Tower after hours and arm yourself for the third task. Practice Stunning and Disarming. A few hexes wouldnt go amiss either. Theres nothing you can do about Crouch. Keep your head down and look after yourself. Im waiting for your letter giving me your word you wont stray out-of-bounds again.





Whos he to lecture me about being out-of-bounds said Harry in mild indignation as he folded up Siriuss letter and put it inside his robes. After all the stuff he did at school

Hes worried about you said Hermione sharply. Just like Moody and Hagrid So listen to them

No ones tried to attack me all year said Harry. No ones done anything to me at all —

Except put your name in the Goblet of Fire said Hermione. And they mustve done that for a reason Harry. Snuffles is right. Maybe theyve been biding their time. Maybe this is the task theyre going to get you.

Look said Harry impatiently lets say Sirius is right and someone Stunned Krum to kidnap Crouch. Well they wouldve been in the trees near us wouldnt they But they waited till I was out of the way until they acted didnt they So it doesnt look like Im their target does it

They couldnt have made it look like an accident if theyd murdered you in the forest said Hermione. But if you die during a task —

They didnt care about attacking Krum did they said Harry. Why didnt they just polish me off at the same time They couldve made it look like Krum and I had a duel or something.

Harry I dont understand it either said Hermione desperately. I just know there are a lot of odd things going on and I dont like it. . . . Moodys right — Sirius is right — youve got to get in training for the third task straight away. And you make sure you write back to Sirius and promise him youre not going to go sneaking off alone again.

The Hogwarts grounds never looked more inviting than when Harry had to stay indoors. For the next few days he spent all of his free time either in the library with Hermione and Ron looking up hexes or else in empty classrooms which they sneaked into to practice. Harry was concentrating on the Stunning Spell which he had never used before. The trouble was that practicing it involved certain sacrifices on Rons and Hermiones part.

Cant we kidnap Mrs. Norris Ron suggested on Monday lunchtime as he lay flat on his back in the middle of their Charms classroom having just been Stunned and reawoken by Harry for the fifth time in a row. Lets Stun her for a bit. Or you could use Dobby Harry I bet hed do anything to help you. Im not complaining or anything — he got gingerly to his feet rubbing his backside — but Im aching all over. . . .

Well you keep missing the cushions dont you said Hermione impatiently rearranging the pile of cushions they had used for the Banishing Spell which Flitwick had left in a cabinet. Just try and fall backward

Once youre Stunned you cant aim too well Hermione said Ron angrily. Why dont you take a turn

Well I think Harrys got it now anyway said Hermione hastily. And we dont have to worry about Disarming because hes been able to do that for ages. . . . I think we ought to start on some of these hexes this evening.

She looked down the list they had made in the library.

I like the look of this one she said this Impediment Curse. Should slow down anything thats trying to attack you Harry. Well start with that one.

The bell rang. They hastily shoved the cushions back into Flitwicks cupboard and slipped out of the classroom.

See you at dinner said Hermione and she set off for Arithmancy while Harry and Ron headed toward North Tower and Divination. Broad strips of dazzling gold sunlight fell across the corridor from the high windows. The sky outside was so brightly blue it looked as though it had been enameled.

Its going to be boiling in Trelawneys room she never puts out that fire said Ron as they started up the staircase toward the silver ladder and the trapdoor.

He was quite right. The dimly lit room was swelteringly hot. The fumes from the perfumed fire were heavier than ever. Harrys head swam as he made his way over to one of the curtained windows. While Professor Trelawney was looking the other way disentangling her shawl from a lamp he opened it an inch or so and settled back in his chintz armchair so that a soft breeze played across his face. It was extremely comfortable.

My dears said Professor Trelawney sitting down in her winged armchair in front of the class and peering around at them all with her strangely enlarged eyes we have almost finished our work on planetary divination. Today however will be an excellent opportunity to examine the effects of Mars for he is placed most interestingly at the present time. If you will all look this way I will dim the lights. . . .

She waved her wand and the lamps went out. The fire was the only source of light now. Professor Trelawney bent down and lifted from under her chair a miniature model of the solar system contained within a glass dome. It was a beautiful thing; each of the moons glimmered in place around the nine planets and the fiery sun all of them hanging in thin air beneath the glass. Harry watched lazily as Professor Trelawney began to point out the fascinating angle Mars was making to Neptune. The heavily perfumed fumes washed over him and the breeze from the window played across his face. He could hear an insect humming gently somewhere behind the curtain. His eyelids began to droop. . . .

He was riding on the back of an eagle owl soaring through the clear blue sky toward an old ivy-covered house set high on a hillside. Lower and lower they flew the wind blowing pleasantly in Harrys face until they reached a dark and broken window in the upper story of the house and entered. Now they were flying along a gloomy passageway to a room at the very end . . . through the door they went into a dark room whose windows were boarded up. . . .

Harry had left the owls back . . . he was watching now as it fluttered across the room into a chair with its back to him. . . . There were two dark shapes on the floor beside the chair . . . both of them were stirring. . . .

One was a huge snake . . . the other was a man . . . a short balding man a man with watery eyes and a pointed nose . . . he was wheezing and sobbing on the hearth rug. . . .

You are in luck Wormtail said a cold high-pitched voice from the depths of the chair in which the owl had landed. You are very fortunate indeed. Your blunder has not ruined everything. He is dead.

My Lord gasped the man on the floor. My Lord I am . . . I am so pleased . . . and so sorry. . . .

Nagini said the cold voice you are out of luck. I will not be feeding Wormtail to you after all . . . but never mind never mind . . . there is still Harry Potter. . . .

The snake hissed. Harry could see its tongue fluttering.

Now Wormtail said the cold voice perhaps one more little reminder why I will not tolerate another blunder from you. . . .

My Lord . . . no . . . I beg you . . .

The tip of a wand emerged from around the back of the chair. It was pointing at Wormtail.

Crucio said the cold voice.

Wormtail screamed screamed as though every nerve in his body were on fire the screaming filled Harrys ears as the scar on his forehead seared with pain; he was yelling too. . . . Voldemort would hear him would know he was there. . . .

Harry Harry

Harry opened his eyes. He was lying on the floor of Professor Trelawneys room with his hands over his face. His scar was still burning so badly that his eyes were watering. The pain had been real. The whole class was standing around him and Ron was kneeling next to him looking terrified.

You all right he said.

Of course he isnt said Professor Trelawney looking thoroughly excited. Her great eyes loomed over Harry gazing at him. What was it Potter A premonition An apparition What did you see

Nothing Harry lied. He sat up. He could feel himself shaking. He couldnt stop himself from looking around into the shadows behind him; Voldemorts voice had sounded so close. . . .

You were clutching your scar said Professor Trelawney. You were rolling on the floor clutching your scar Come now Potter I have experience in these matters

Harry looked up at her.

I need to go to the hospital wing I think he said. Bad headache.

My dear you were undoubtedly stimulated by the extraordinary clairvoyant vibrations of my room said Professor Trelawney. If you leave now you may lose the opportunity to see further than you have ever —

I dont want to see anything except a headache cure said Harry.

He stood up. The class backed away. They all looked unnerved.

See you later Harry muttered to Ron and he picked up his bag and headed for the trapdoor ignoring Professor Trelawney who was wearing an expression of great frustration as though she had just been denied a real treat.

When Harry reached the bottom of her stepladder however he did not set off for the hospital wing. He had no intention whatsoever of going there. Sirius had told him what to do if his scar hurt him again and Harry was going to follow his advice: He was going straight to Dumbledores office. He marched down the corridors thinking about what he had seen in the dream . . . it had been as vivid as the one that had awoken him on Privet Drive. . . . He ran over the details in his mind trying to make sure he could remember them. . . . He had heard Voldemort accusing Wormtail of making a blunder . . . but the owl had brought good news the blunder had been repaired somebody was dead . . . so Wormtail was not going to be fed to the snake . . . he Harry was going to be fed to it instead. . . .

Harry had walked right past the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office without noticing. He blinked looked around realized what he had done and retraced his steps stopping in front of it. Then he remembered that he didnt know the password.

Lemon drop he tried tentatively.

The gargoyle did not move.

Okay said Harry staring at it Pear Drop. Er — Licorice Wand. Fizzing Whizbee. Droobles Best Blowing Gum. Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans . . . oh no he doesnt like them does he . . . oh just open cant you he said angrily. I really need to see him its urgent

The gargoyle remained immovable.

Harry kicked it achieving nothing but an excruciating pain in his big toe.

Chocolate Frog he yelled angrily standing on one leg. Sugar Quill Cockroach Cluster

The gargoyle sprang to life and jumped aside. Harry blinked.

Cockroach Cluster he said amazed. I was only joking. . . .

He hurried through the gap in the walls and stepped onto the foot of a spiral stone staircase which moved slowly upward as the doors closed behind him taking him up to a polished oak door with a brass door knocker.

He could hear voices from inside the office. He stepped off the moving staircase and hesitated listening.

Dumbledore Im afraid I dont see the connection dont see it at all It was the voice of the Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge. Ludo says Berthas perfectly capable of getting herself lost. I agree we would have expected to have found her by now but all the same weve no evidence of foul play Dumbledore none at all. As for her disappearance being linked with Barty Crouchs

And what do you thinks happened to Barty Crouch Minister said Moodys growling voice.

I see two possibilities Alastor said Fudge. Either Crouch has finally cracked — more than likely Im sure youll agree given his personal history — lost his mind and gone wandering off somewhere —

He wandered extremely quickly if that is the case Cornelius said Dumbledore calmly.

Or else — well . . . Fudge sounded embarrassed. Well Ill reserve judgment until after Ive seen the place where he was found but you say it was just past the Beauxbatons carriage Dumbledore you know what that woman is

I consider her to be a very able headmistress — and an excellent dancer said Dumbledore quietly.

Dumbledore come said Fudge angrily. Dont you think you might be prejudiced in her favor because of Hagrid They dont all turn out harmless — if indeed you can call Hagrid harmless with that monster fixation hes got —

I no more suspect Madame Maxime than Hagrid said Dumbledore just as calmly. I think it possible that it is you who are prejudiced Cornelius.

Can we wrap up this discussion growled Moody.

Yes yes lets go down to the grounds then said Fudge impatiently.

No its not that said Moody its just that Potter wants a word with you Dumbledore. Hes just outside the door.




