




THE FOUR CHAMPIONS




Harry sat there aware that every head in the Great Hall had turned to look at him. He was stunned. He felt numb. He was surely dreaming. He had not heard correctly.

There was no applause. A buzzing as though of angry bees was starting to fill the Hall; some students were standing up to get a better look at Harry as he sat frozen in his seat.

Up at the top table Professor McGonagall had got to her feet and swept past Ludo Bagman and Professor Karkaroff to whisper urgently to Professor Dumbledore who bent his ear toward her frowning slightly.

Harry turned to Ron and Hermione; beyond them he saw the long Gryffindor table all watching him openmouthed.

I didnt put my name in Harry said blankly. You know I didnt.

Both of them stared just as blankly back.

At the top table Professor Dumbledore had straightened up nodding to Professor McGonagall.

Harry Potter he called again. Harry Up here if you please

Go on Hermione whispered giving Harry a slight push.

Harry got to his feet trod on the hem of his robes and stumbled slightly. He set off up the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables. It felt like an immensely long walk; the top table didnt seem to be getting any nearer at all and he could feel hundreds and hundreds of eyes upon him as though each were a searchlight. The buzzing grew louder and louder. After what seemed like an hour he was right in front of Dumbledore feeling the stares of all the teachers upon him.

Well . . . through the door Harry said Dumbledore. He wasnt smiling.

Harry moved off along the teachers table. Hagrid was seated right at the end. He did not wink at Harry or wave or give any of his usual signs of greeting. He looked completely astonished and stared at Harry as he passed like everyone else. Harry went through the door out of the Great Hall and found himself in a smaller room lined with paintings of witches and wizards. A handsome fire was roaring in the fireplace opposite him.

The faces in the portraits turned to look at him as he entered. He saw a wizened witch flit out of the frame of her picture and into the one next to it which contained a wizard with a walrus mustache. The wizened witch started whispering in his ear.

Viktor Krum Cedric Diggory and Fleur Delacour were grouped around the fire. They looked strangely impressive silhouetted against the flames. Krum hunched-up and brooding was leaning against the mantelpiece slightly apart from the other two. Cedric was standing with his hands behind his back staring into the fire. Fleur Delacour looked around when Harry walked in and threw back her sheet of long silvery hair.

What is it she said. Do zey want us back in ze Hall

She thought he had come to deliver a message. Harry didnt know how to explain what had just happened. He just stood there looking at the three champions. It struck him how very tall all of them were.

There was a sound of scurrying feet behind him and Ludo Bagman entered the room. He took Harry by the arm and led him forward.

Extraordinary he muttered squeezing Harrys arm. Absolutely extraordinary Gentlemen . . . lady he added approaching the fireside and addressing the other three. May I introduce — incredible though it may seem — the fourth Triwizard champion

Viktor Krum straightened up. His surly face darkened as he surveyed Harry. Cedric looked nonplussed. He looked from Bagman to Harry and back again as though sure he must have misheard what Bagman had said. Fleur Delacour however tossed her hair smiling and said Oh vairy funny joke Meester Bagman.

Joke Bagman repeated bewildered. No no not at all Harrys name just came out of the Goblet of Fire

Krums thick eyebrows contracted slightly. Cedric was still looking politely bewildered. Fleur frowned.

But evidently zair as been a mistake she said contemptuously to Bagman. E cannot compete. E is too young.

Well . . . it is amazing said Bagman rubbing his smooth chin and smiling down at Harry. But as you know the age restriction was only imposed this year as an extra safety measure. And as his names come out of the goblet . . . I mean I dont think there can be any ducking out at this stage. . . . Its down in the rules youre obliged . . . Harry will just have to do the best he —

The door behind them opened again and a large group of people came in: Professor Dumbledore followed closely by Mr. Crouch Professor Karkaroff Madame Maxime Professor McGonagall and Professor Snape. Harry heard the buzzing of the hundreds of students on the other side of the wall before Professor McGonagall closed the door.

Madame Maxime said Fleur at once striding over to her headmistress. Zey are saying zat zis little boy is to compete also

Somewhere under Harrys numb disbelief he felt a ripple of anger. Little boy

Madame Maxime had drawn herself up to her full and considerable height. The top of her handsome head brushed the candle-filled chandelier and her gigantic black-satin bosom swelled.

What is ze meaning of zis Dumbly-dorr she said imperiously.

Id rather like to know that myself Dumbledore said Professor Karkaroff. He was wearing a steely smile and his blue eyes were like chips of ice. Two Hogwarts champions I dont remember anyone telling me the host school is allowed two champions — or have I not read the rules carefully enough

He gave a short and nasty laugh.

Cest impossible said Madame Maxime whose enormous hand with its many superb opals was resting upon Fleurs shoulder. Ogwarts cannot ave two champions. It is most injust.

We were under the impression that your Age Line would keep out younger contestants Dumbledore said Karkaroff his steely smile still in place though his eyes were colder than ever. Otherwise we would of course have brought along a wider selection of candidates from our own schools.

Its no ones fault but Potters Karkaroff said Snape softly. His black eyes were alight with malice. Dont go blaming Dumbledore for Potters determination to break rules. He has been crossing lines ever since he arrived here —

Thank you Severus said Dumbledore firmly and Snape went quiet though his eyes still glinted malevolently through his curtain of greasy black hair.

Professor Dumbledore was now looking down at Harry who looked right back at him trying to discern the expression of the eyes behind the half-moon spectacles.

Did you put your name into the Goblet of Fire Harry he asked calmly.

No said Harry. He was very aware of everybody watching him closely. Snape made a soft noise of impatient disbelief in the shadows.

Did you ask an older student to put it into the Goblet of Fire for you said Professor Dumbledore ignoring Snape.

No said Harry vehemently.

Ah but of course e is lying cried Madame Maxime. Snape was now shaking his head his lip curling.

He could not have crossed the Age Line said Professor McGonagall sharply. I am sure we are all agreed on that —

Dumbly-dorr must ave made a mistake wiz ze line said Madame Maxime shrugging.

It is possible of course said Dumbledore politely.

Dumbledore you know perfectly well you did not make a mistake said Professor McGonagall angrily. Really what nonsense Harry could not have crossed the line himself and as Professor Dumbledore believes that he did not persuade an older student to do it for him Im sure that should be good enough for everybody else

She shot a very angry look at Professor Snape.

Mr. Crouch . . . Mr. Bagman said Karkaroff his voice unctuous once more you are our — er — objective judges. Surely you will agree that this is most irregular

Bagman wiped his round boyish face with his handkerchief and looked at Mr. Crouch who was standing outside the circle of the firelight his face half hidden in shadow. He looked slightly eerie the half darkness making him look much older giving him an almost skull-like appearance. When he spoke however it was in his usual curt voice.

We must follow the rules and the rules state clearly that those people whose names come out of the Goblet of Fire are bound to compete in the tournament.

Well Barty knows the rule book back to front said Bagman beaming and turning back to Karkaroff and Madame Maxime as though the matter was now closed.

I insist upon resubmitting the names of the rest of my students said Karkaroff. He had dropped his unctuous tone and his smile now. His face wore a very ugly look indeed. You will set up the Goblet of Fire once more and we will continue adding names until each school has two champions. Its only fair Dumbledore.

But Karkaroff it doesnt work like that said Bagman. The Goblet of Fires just gone out — it wont reignite until the start of the next tournament —

— in which Durmstrang will most certainly not be competing exploded Karkaroff. After all our meetings and negotiations and compromises I little expected something of this nature to occur I have half a mind to leave now

Empty threat Karkaroff growled a voice from near the door. You cant leave your champion now. Hes got to compete. Theyve all got to compete. Binding magical contract like Dumbledore said. Convenient eh

Moody had just entered the room. He limped toward the fire and with every right step he took there was a loud clunk.

Convenient said Karkaroff. Im afraid I dont understand you Moody.

Harry could tell he was trying to sound disdainful as though what Moody was saying was barely worth his notice but his hands gave him away; they had balled themselves into fists.

Dont you said Moody quietly. Its very simple Karkaroff. Someone put Potters name in that goblet knowing hed have to compete if it came out.

Evidently someone oo wished to give Ogwarts two bites at ze apple said Madame Maxime.

I quite agree Madame Maxime said Karkaroff bowing to her. I shall be lodging complaints with the Ministry of Magic and the International Confederation of Wizards —

If anyones got reason to complain its Potter growled Moody but . . . funny thing . . . I dont hear him saying a word. . . .

Why should e complain burst out Fleur Delacour stamping her foot. E as ze chance to compete asnt e We ave all been oping to be chosen for weeks and weeks Ze honor for our schools A thousand Galleons in prize money — zis is a chance many would die for

Maybe someones hoping Potter is going to die for it said Moody with the merest trace of a growl.

An extremely tense silence followed these words. Ludo Bagman who was looking very anxious indeed bounced nervously up and down on his feet and said Moody old man . . . what a thing to say

We all know Professor Moody considers the morning wasted if he hasnt discovered six plots to murder him before lunchtime said Karkaroff loudly. Apparently he is now teaching his students to fear assassination too. An odd quality in a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher Dumbledore but no doubt you had your reasons.

Imagining things am I growled Moody. Seeing things eh It was a skilled witch or wizard who put the boys name in that goblet. . . .

Ah what evidence is zere of zat said Madame Maxime throwing up her huge hands.

Because they hoodwinked a very powerful magical object said Moody. It would have needed an exceptionally strong Confundus Charm to bamboozle that goblet into forgetting that only three schools compete in the tournament. . . . Im guessing they submitted Potters name under a fourth school to make sure he was the only one in his category. . . .

You seem to have given this a great deal of thought Moody said Karkaroff coldly and a very ingenious theory it is — though of course I heard you recently got it into your head that one of your birthday presents contained a cunningly disguised basilisk egg and smashed it to pieces before realizing it was a carriage clock. So youll understand if we dont take you entirely seriously. . . .

There are those wholl turn innocent occasions to their advantage Moody retorted in a menacing voice. Its my job to think the way Dark wizards do Karkaroff — as you ought to remember. . . .

Alastor said Dumbledore warningly. Harry wondered for a moment whom he was speaking to but then realized Mad-Eye could hardly be Moodys real first name. Moody fell silent though still surveying Karkaroff with satisfaction — Karkaroffs face was burning.

How this situation arose we do not know said Dumbledore speaking to everyone gathered in the room. It seems to me however that we have no choice but to accept it. Both Cedric and Harry have been chosen to compete in the tournament. This therefore they will do. . . .

Ah but Dumbly-dorr —

My dear Madame Maxime if you have an alternative I would be delighted to hear it.

Dumbledore waited but Madame Maxime did not speak she merely glared. She wasnt the only one either. Snape looked furious; Karkaroff livid; Bagman however looked rather excited.

Well shall we crack on then he said rubbing his hands together and smiling around the room. Got to give our champions their instructions havent we Barty want to do the honors

Mr. Crouch seemed to come out of a deep reverie.

Yes he said instructions. Yes . . . the first task . . .

He moved forward into the firelight. Close up Harry thought he looked ill. There were dark shadows beneath his eyes and a thin papery look about his wrinkled skin that had not been there at the Quidditch World Cup.

The first task is designed to test your daring he told Harry Cedric Fleur and Viktor so we are not going to be telling you what it is. Courage in the face of the unknown is an important quality in a wizard . . . very important. . . .

The first task will take place on November the twenty-fourth in front of the other students and the panel of judges.

The champions are not permitted to ask for or accept help of any kind from their teachers to complete the tasks in the tournament. The champions will face the first challenge armed only with their wands. They will receive information about the second task when the first is over. Owing to the demanding and time-consuming nature of the tournament the champions are exempted from end-of-year tests.

Mr. Crouch turned to look at Dumbledore.

I think thats all is it Albus

I think so said Dumbledore who was looking at Mr. Crouch with mild concern. Are you sure you wouldnt like to stay at Hogwarts tonight Barty

No Dumbledore I must get back to the Ministry said Mr. Crouch. It is a very busy very difficult time at the moment. . . . Ive left young Weatherby in charge. . . . Very enthusiastic . . . a little overenthusiastic if truth be told. . . .

Youll come and have a drink before you go at least said Dumbledore.

Come on Barty Im staying said Bagman brightly. Its all happening at Hogwarts now you know much more exciting here than at the office

I think not Ludo said Crouch with a touch of his old impatience.

Professor Karkaroff — Madame Maxime — a nightcap said Dumbledore.

But Madame Maxime had already put her arm around Fleurs shoulders and was leading her swiftly out of the room. Harry could hear them both talking very fast in French as they went off into the Great Hall. Karkaroff beckoned to Krum and they too exited though in silence.

Harry Cedric I suggest you go up to bed said Dumbledore smiling at both of them. I am sure Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are waiting to celebrate with you and it would be a shame to deprive them of this excellent excuse to make a great deal of mess and noise.

Harry glanced at Cedric who nodded and they left together.

The Great Hall was deserted now; the candles had burned low giving the jagged smiles of the pumpkins an eerie flickering quality.

So said Cedric with a slight smile. Were playing against each other again

I spose said Harry. He really couldnt think of anything to say. The inside of his head seemed to be in complete disarray as though his brain had been ransacked.

So . . . tell me . . . said Cedric as they reached the entrance hall which was now lit only by torches in the absence of the Goblet of Fire. How did you get your name in

I didnt said Harry staring up at him. I didnt put it in. I was telling the truth.

Ah . . . okay said Cedric. Harry could tell Cedric didnt believe him. Well . . . see you then.

Instead of going up the marble staircase Cedric headed for a door to its right. Harry stood listening to him going down the stone steps beyond it then slowly he started to climb the marble ones.

Was anyone except Ron and Hermione going to believe him or would they all think hed put himself in for the tournament Yet how could anyone think that when he was facing competitors whod had three years more magical education than he had — when he was now facing tasks that not only sounded very dangerous but which were to be performed in front of hundreds of people Yes hed thought about it . . . hed fantasized about it . . . but it had been a joke really an idle sort of dream . . . hed never really seriously considered entering. . . .

But someone else had considered it . . . someone else had wanted him in the tournament and had made sure he was entered. Why To give him a treat He didnt think so somehow. . . .

To see him make a fool of himself Well they were likely to get their wish. . . .

But to get him killed

Was Moody just being his usual paranoid self Couldnt someone have put Harrys name in the goblet as a trick a practical joke Did anyone really want him dead

Harry was able to answer that at once. Yes someone wanted him dead someone had wanted him dead ever since he had been a year old . . . Lord Voldemort. But how could Voldemort have ensured that Harrys name got into the Goblet of Fire Voldemort was supposed to be far away in some distant country in hiding alone . . . feeble and powerless. . . .

Yet in that dream he had had just before he had awoken with his scar hurting Voldemort had not been alone . . . he had been talking to Wormtail . . . plotting Harrys murder. . . .

Harry got a shock to find himself facing the Fat Lady already. He had barely noticed where his feet were carrying him. It was also a surprise to see that she was not alone in her frame. The wizened witch who had flitted into her neighbors painting when he had joined the champions downstairs was now sitting smugly beside the Fat Lady. She must have dashed through every picture lining seven staircases to reach here before him. Both she and the Fat Lady were looking down at him with the keenest interest.

Well well well said the Fat Lady Violets just told me everything. Whos just been chosen as school champion then

Balderdash said Harry dully.

It most certainly isnt said the pale witch indignantly.

No no Vi its the password said the Fat Lady soothingly and she swung forward on her hinges to let Harry into the common room.

The blast of noise that met Harrys ears when the portrait opened almost knocked him backward. Next thing he knew he was being wrenched inside the common room by about a dozen pairs of hands and was facing the whole of Gryffindor House all of whom were screaming applauding and whistling.

You shouldve told us youd entered bellowed Fred; he looked half annoyed half deeply impressed.

How did you do it without getting a beard Brilliant roared George.

I didnt Harry said. I dont know how —

But Angelina had now swooped down upon him; Oh if it couldnt be me at least its a Gryffindor —

Youll be able to pay back Diggory for that last Quidditch match Harry shrieked Katie Bell another of the Gryffindor Chasers.

Weve got food Harry come and have some —

Im not hungry I had enough at the feast —

But nobody wanted to hear that he wasnt hungry; nobody wanted to hear that he hadnt put his name in the goblet; not one single person seemed to have noticed that he wasnt at all in the mood to celebrate. . . . Lee Jordan had unearthed a Gryffindor banner from somewhere and he insisted on draping it around Harry like a cloak. Harry couldnt get away; whenever he tried to sidle over to the staircase up to the dormitories the crowd around him closed ranks forcing another butterbeer on him stuffing crisps and peanuts into his hands. . . . Everyone wanted to know how he had done it how he had tricked Dumbledores Age Line and managed to get his name into the goblet. . . .

I didnt he said over and over again I dont know how it happened.

But for all the notice anyone took he might just as well not have answered at all.

Im tired he bellowed finally after nearly half an hour. No seriously George — Im going to bed —

He wanted more than anything to find Ron and Hermione to find a bit of sanity but neither of them seemed to be in the common room. Insisting that he needed to sleep and almost flattening the little Creevey brothers as they attempted to waylay him at the foot of the stairs Harry managed to shake everyone off and climb up to the dormitory as fast as he could.

To his great relief he found Ron was lying on his bed in the otherwise empty dormitory still fully dressed. He looked up when Harry slammed the door behind him.

Whereve you been Harry said.

Oh hello said Ron.

He was grinning but it was a very odd strained sort of grin. Harry suddenly became aware that he was still wearing the scarlet Gryffindor banner that Lee had tied around him. He hastened to take it off but it was knotted very tightly. Ron lay on the bed without moving watching Harry struggle to remove it.

So he said when Harry had finally removed the banner and thrown it into a corner. Congratulations.

What dyou mean congratulations said Harry staring at Ron. There was definitely something wrong with the way Ron was smiling: It was more like a grimace.

Well . . . no one else got across the Age Line said Ron. Not even Fred and George. What did you use — the Invisibility Cloak

The Invisibility Cloak wouldnt have got me over that line said Harry slowly.

Oh right said Ron. I thought you mightve told me if it was the Cloak . . . because it wouldve covered both of us wouldnt it But you found another way did you

Listen said Harry I didnt put my name in that goblet. Someone else mustve done it.

Ron raised his eyebrows.

What would they do that for

I dunno said Harry. He felt it would sound very melodramatic to say To kill me.

Rons eyebrows rose so high that they were in danger of disappearing into his hair.

Its okay you know you can tell me the truth he said. If you dont want everyone else to know fine but I dont know why youre bothering to lie you didnt get into trouble for it did you That friend of the Fat Ladys that Violet shes already told us all Dumbledores letting you enter. A thousand Galleons prize money eh And you dont have to do end-of-year tests either. . . .

I didnt put my name in that goblet said Harry starting to feel angry.

Yeah okay said Ron in exactly the same skeptical tone as Cedric. Only you said this morning youd have done it last night and no one wouldve seen you. . . . Im not stupid you know.

Youre doing a really good impression of it Harry snapped.

Yeah said Ron and there was no trace of a grin forced or otherwise on his face now. You want to get to bed Harry. I expect youll need to be up early tomorrow for a photo-call or something.

He wrenched the hangings shut around his four-poster leaving Harry standing there by the door staring at the dark red velvet curtains now hiding one of the few people he had been sure would believe him.




