




THE POLYJUICE POTION




They stepped off the stone staircase at the top and Professor McGonagall rapped on the door. It opened silently and they entered. Professor McGonagall told Harry to wait and left him there alone.

Harry looked around. One thing was certain: of all the teachers offices Harry had visited so far this year Dumbledores was by far the most interesting. If he hadnt been scared out of his wits that he was about to be thrown out of school he would have been very pleased to have a chance to look around it.

It was a large and beautiful circular room full of funny little noises. A number of curious silver instruments stood on spindle-legged tables whirring and emitting little puffs of smoke. The walls were covered with portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses all of whom were snoozing gently in their frames. There was also an enormous claw-footed desk and sitting on a shelf behind it a shabby tattered wizards hat — the Sorting Hat.

Harry hesitated. He cast a wary eye around the sleeping witches and wizards on the walls. Surely it couldnt hurt if he took the hat down and tried it on again Just to see . . . just to make sure it had put him in the right House —

He walked quietly around the desk lifted the hat from its shelf and lowered it slowly onto his head. It was much too large and slipped down over his eyes just as it had done the last time hed put it on. Harry stared at the black inside of the hat waiting. Then a small voice said in his ear Bee in your bonnet Harry Potter

Er yes Harry muttered. Er — sorry to bother you — I wanted to ask —

Youve been wondering whether I put you in the right House said the hat smartly. Yes . . . you were particularly difficult to place. But I stand by what I said before — Harrys heart leapt — you would have done well in Slytherin —

Harrys stomach plummeted. He grabbed the point of the hat and pulled it off. It hung limply in his hand grubby and faded. Harry pushed it back onto its shelf feeling sick.

Youre wrong he said aloud to the still and silent hat. It didnt move. Harry backed away watching it. Then a strange gagging noise behind him made him wheel around.

He wasnt alone after all. Standing on a golden perch behind the door was a decrepit-looking bird that resembled a half-plucked turkey. Harry stared at it and the bird looked balefully back making its gagging noise again. Harry thought it looked very ill. Its eyes were dull and even as Harry watched a couple more feathers fell out of its tail.

Harry was just thinking that all he needed was for Dumbledores pet bird to die while he was alone in the office with it when the bird burst into flames.

Harry yelled in shock and backed away into the desk. He looked feverishly around in case there was a glass of water somewhere but couldnt see one; the bird meanwhile had become a fireball; it gave one loud shriek and next second there was nothing but a smoldering pile of ash on the floor.

The office door opened. Dumbledore came in looking very somber.

Professor Harry gasped. Your bird — I couldnt do anything — he just caught fire —

To Harrys astonishment Dumbledore smiled.

About time too he said. Hes been looking dreadful for days; Ive been telling him to get a move on.

He chuckled at the stunned look on Harrys face.

Fawkes is a phoenix Harry. Phoenixes burst into flame when it is time for them to die and are reborn from the ashes. Watch him . . .

Harry looked down in time to see a tiny wrinkled newborn bird poke its head out of the ashes. It was quite as ugly as the old one.

Its a shame you had to see him on a Burning Day said Dumbledore seating himself behind his desk. Hes really very handsome most of the time wonderful red and gold plumage. Fascinating creatures phoenixes. They can carry immensely heavy loads their tears have healing powers and they make highly faithful pets.

In the shock of Fawkes catching fire Harry had forgotten what he was there for but it all came back to him as Dumbledore settled himself in the high chair behind the desk and fixed Harry with his penetrating light-blue stare.

Before Dumbledore could speak another word however the door of the office flew open with an almighty bang and Hagrid burst in a wild look in his eyes his balaclava perched on top of his shaggy black head and the dead rooster still swinging from his hand.

It wasn Harry Professor Dumbledore said Hagrid urgently. I was talkin ter him seconds before that kid was found he never had time sir —

Dumbledore tried to say something but Hagrid went ranting on waving the rooster around in his agitation sending feathers everywhere.

— it cantve bin him Ill swear it in front o the Ministry o Magic if I have to —

Hagrid I —

— yehve got the wrong boy sir I know Harry never —

Hagrid said Dumbledore loudly. I do not think that Harry attacked those people.

Oh said Hagrid the rooster falling limply at his side. Right. Ill wait outside then Headmaster.

And he stomped out looking embarrassed.

You dont think it was me Professor Harry repeated hopefully as Dumbledore brushed rooster feathers off his desk.

No Harry I dont said Dumbledore though his face was somber again. But I still want to talk to you.

Harry waited nervously while Dumbledore considered him the tips of his long fingers together.

I must ask you Harry whether there is anything youd like to tell me he said gently. Anything at all.

Harry didnt know what to say. He thought of Malfoy shouting Youll be next Mudbloods and of the Polyjuice Potion simmering away in Moaning Myrtles bathroom. Then he thought of the disembodied voice he had heard twice and remembered what Ron had said: Hearing voices no one else can hear isnt a good sign even in the Wizarding world. He thought too about what everyone was saying about him and his growing dread that he was somehow connected with Salazar Slytherin. . . .

No said Harry. There isnt anything Professor. . . .

The double attack on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick turned what had hitherto been nervousness into real panic. Curiously it was Nearly Headless Nicks fate that seemed to worry people most. What could possibly do that to a ghost people asked each other; what terrible power could harm someone who was already dead There was almost a stampede to book seats on the Hogwarts Express so that students could go home for Christmas.

At this rate well be the only ones left Ron told Harry and Hermione. Us Malfoy Crabbe and Goyle. What a jolly holiday its going to be.

Crabbe and Goyle who always did whatever Malfoy did had signed up to stay over the holidays too. But Harry was glad that most people were leaving. He was tired of people skirting around him in the corridors as though he were about to sprout fangs or spit poison; tired of all the muttering pointing and hissing as he passed.

Fred and George however found all this very funny. They went out of their way to march ahead of Harry down the corridors shouting Make way for the Heir of Slytherin seriously evil wizard coming through. . . .

Percy was deeply disapproving of this behavior.

It is not a laughing matter he said coldly.

Oh get out of the way Percy said Fred. Harrys in a hurry.

Yeah hes off to the Chamber of Secrets for a cup of tea with his fanged servant said George chortling.

Ginny didnt find it amusing either.

Oh dont she wailed every time Fred asked Harry loudly who he was planning to attack next or when George pretended to ward Harry off with a large clove of garlic when they met.

Harry didnt mind; it made him feel better that Fred and George at least thought the idea of his being Slytherins heir was quite ludicrous. But their antics seemed to be aggravating Draco Malfoy who looked increasingly sour each time he saw them at it.

Its because hes bursting to say its really him said Ron knowingly. You know how he hates anyone beating him at anything and youre getting all the credit for his dirty work.

Not for long said Hermione in a satisfied tone. The Polyjuice Potions nearly ready. Well be getting the truth out of him any day now.

At last the term ended and a silence deep as the snow on the grounds descended on the castle. Harry found it peaceful rather than gloomy and enjoyed the fact that he Hermione and the Weasleys had the run of Gryffindor Tower which meant they could play Exploding Snap loudly without bothering anyone and practice dueling in private. Fred George and Ginny had chosen to stay at school rather than visit Bill in Egypt with Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. Percy who disapproved of what he termed their childish behavior didnt spend much time in the Gryffindor common room. He had already told them pompously that he was only staying over Christmas because it was his duty as a prefect to support the teachers during this troubled time.

Christmas morning dawned cold and white. Harry and Ron the only ones left in their dormitory were woken very early by Hermione who burst in fully dressed and carrying presents for them both.

Wake up she said loudly pulling back the curtains at the window.

Hermione — youre not supposed to be in here — said Ron shielding his eyes against the light.

Merry Christmas to you too said Hermione throwing him his present. Ive been up for nearly an hour adding more lacewings to the potion. Its ready.

Harry sat up suddenly wide awake.

Are you sure

Positive said Hermione shifting Scabbers the rat so that she could sit down on the end of Rons four-poster. If were going to do it I say it should be tonight.

At that moment Hedwig swooped into the room carrying a very small package in her beak.

Hello said Harry happily as she landed on his bed. Are you speaking to me again

She nibbled his ear in an affectionate sort of way which was a far better present than the one that she had brought him which turned out to be from the Dursleys. They had sent Harry a toothpick and a note telling him to find out whether hed be able to stay at Hogwarts for the summer vacation too.

The rest of Harrys Christmas presents were far more satisfactory. Hagrid had sent him a large tin of treacle toffee which Harry decided to soften by the fire before eating; Ron had given him a book called Flying with the Cannons a book of interesting facts about his favorite Quidditch team and Hermione had bought him a luxury eagle-feather quill. Harry opened the last present to find a new hand-knitted sweater from Mrs. Weasley and a large plum cake. He read her card with a fresh surge of guilt thinking about Mr. Weasleys car (which hadnt been seen since its crash with the Whomping Willow) and the bout of rule-breaking he and Ron were planning next.

No one not even someone dreading taking Polyjuice Potion later could fail to enjoy Christmas dinner at Hogwarts.

The Great Hall looked magnificent. Not only were there a dozen frost-covered Christmas trees and thick streamers of holly and mistletoe crisscrossing the ceiling but enchanted snow was falling warm and dry from the ceiling. Dumbledore led them in a few of his favorite carols Hagrid booming more and more loudly with every goblet of eggnog he consumed. Percy who hadnt noticed that Fred had bewitched his prefect badge so that it now read Pinhead kept asking them all what they were sniggering at. Harry didnt even care that Draco Malfoy was making loud snide remarks about his new sweater from the Slytherin table. With a bit of luck Malfoy would be getting his comeuppance in a few hours time.

Harry and Ron had barely finished their third helpings of Christmas pudding when Hermione ushered them out of the hall to finalize their plans for the evening.

We still need a bit of the people youre changing into said Hermione matter-of-factly as though she were sending them to the supermarket for laundry detergent. And obviously itll be best if you can get something of Crabbes and Goyles; theyre Malfoys best friends hell tell them anything. And we also need to make sure the real Crabbe and Goyle cant burst in on us while were interrogating him.

Ive got it all worked out she went on smoothly ignoring Harrys and Rons stupefied faces. She held up two plump chocolate cakes. Ive filled these with a simple Sleeping Draught. All you have to do is make sure Crabbe and Goyle find them. You know how greedy they are theyre bound to eat them. Once theyre asleep pull out a few of their hairs and hide them in a broom closet.

Harry and Ron looked incredulously at each other.

Hermione I dont think —

That could go seriously wrong —

But Hermione had a steely glint in her eye not unlike the one Professor McGonagall sometimes had.

The potion will be useless without Crabbes and Goyles hair she said sternly. You do want to investigate Malfoy dont you

Oh all right all right said Harry. But what about you Whose hair are you ripping out

Ive already got mine said Hermione brightly pulling a tiny bottle out of her pocket and showing them the single hair inside it. Remember Millicent Bulstrode wrestling with me at the Dueling Club She left this on my robes when she was trying to strangle me And shes gone home for Christmas — so Ill just have to tell the Slytherins Ive decided to come back.

When Hermione had bustled off to check on the Polyjuice Potion again Ron turned to Harry with a doom-laden expression.

Have you ever heard of a plan where so many things could go wrong

But to Harrys and Rons utter amazement stage one of the operation went just as smoothly as Hermione had said. They lurked in the deserted entrance hall after Christmas tea waiting for Crabbe and Goyle who had remained alone at the Slytherin table shoveling down fourth helpings of trifle. Harry had perched the chocolate cakes on the end of the banisters. When they spotted Crabbe and Goyle coming out of the Great Hall Harry and Ron hid quickly behind a suit of armor next to the front door.

How thick can you get Ron whispered ecstatically as Crabbe gleefully pointed out the cakes to Goyle and grabbed them. Grinning stupidly they stuffed the cakes whole into their large mouths. For a moment both of them chewed greedily looks of triumph on their faces. Then without the smallest change of expression they both keeled over backward onto the floor.

By far the hardest part was hiding them in the closet across the hall. Once they were safely stowed among the buckets and mops Harry yanked out a couple of the bristles that covered Goyles forehead and Ron pulled out several of Crabbes hairs. They also stole their shoes because their own were far too small for Crabbe- and Goyle-size feet. Then still stunned at what they had just done they sprinted up to Moaning Myrtles bathroom.

They could hardly see for the thick black smoke issuing from the stall in which Hermione was stirring the cauldron. Pulling their robes up over their faces Harry and Ron knocked softly on the door.

Hermione

They heard the scrape of the lock and Hermione emerged shiny-faced and looking anxious. Behind her they heard the gloop gloop of the bubbling glutinous potion. Three glass tumblers stood ready on the toilet seat.

Did you get them Hermione asked breathlessly.

Harry showed her Goyles hair.

Good. And I sneaked these spare robes out of the laundry Hermione said holding up a small sack. Youll need bigger sizes once youre Crabbe and Goyle.

The three of them stared into the cauldron. Close up the potion looked like thick dark mud bubbling sluggishly.

Im sure Ive done everything right said Hermione nervously rereading the splotched page of Moste Potente Potions. It looks like the book says it should . . . once weve drunk it well have exactly an hour before we change back into ourselves.

Now what Ron whispered.

We separate it into three glasses and add the hairs.

Hermione ladled large dollops of the potion into each of the glasses. Then her hand trembling she shook Millicent Bulstrodes hair out of its bottle into the first glass.

The potion hissed loudly like a boiling kettle and frothed madly. A second later it had turned a sick sort of yellow.

Urgh — essence of Millicent Bulstrode said Ron eyeing it with loathing. Bet it tastes disgusting.

Add yours then said Hermione.

Harry dropped Goyles hair into the middle glass and Ron put Crabbes into the last one. Both glasses hissed and frothed: Goyles turned the khaki color of a booger Crabbes a dark murky brown.

Hang on said Harry as Ron and Hermione reached for their glasses. Wed better not all drink them in here. . . . Once we turn into Crabbe and Goyle we wont fit. And Millicent Bulstrodes no pixie.

Good thinking said Ron unlocking the door. Well take separate stalls.

Careful not to spill a drop of his Polyjuice Potion Harry slipped into the middle stall.

Ready he called.

Ready came Rons and Hermiones voices.

One — two — three —

Pinching his nose Harry drank the potion down in two large gulps. It tasted like overcooked cabbage.

Immediately his insides started writhing as though hed just swallowed live snakes — doubled up he wondered whether he was going to be sick — then a burning sensation spread rapidly from his stomach to the very ends of his fingers and toes — next bringing him gasping to all fours came a horrible melting feeling as the skin all over his body bubbled like hot wax — and before his eyes his hands began to grow the fingers thickened the nails broadened the knuckles were bulging like bolts — his shoulders stretched painfully and a prickling on his forehead told him that hair was creeping down toward his eyebrows — his robes ripped as his chest expanded like a barrel bursting its hoops — his feet were agony in shoes four sizes too small —

As suddenly as it had started everything stopped. Harry lay facedown on the stone-cold floor listening to Myrtle gurgling morosely in the end toilet. With difficulty he kicked off his shoes and stood up. So this was what it felt like being Goyle. His large hand trembling he pulled off his old robes which were hanging a foot above his ankles pulled on the spare ones and laced up Goyles boatlike shoes. He reached up to brush his hair out of his eyes and met only the short growth of wiry bristles low on his forehead. Then he realized that his glasses were clouding his eyes because Goyle obviously didnt need them — he took them off and called Are you two okay Goyles low rasp of a voice issued from his mouth.

Yeah came the deep grunt of Crabbe from his right.

Harry unlocked his door and stepped in front of the cracked mirror. Goyle stared back at him out of dull deepset eyes. Harry scratched his ear. So did Goyle.

Rons door opened. They stared at each other. Except that he looked pale and shocked Ron was indistinguishable from Crabbe from the pudding-bowl haircut to the long gorilla arms.

This is unbelievable said Ron approaching the mirror and prodding Crabbes flat nose. Unbelievable.

Wed better get going said Harry loosening the watch that was cutting into Goyles thick wrist. Weve still got to find out where the Slytherin common room is. I only hope we can find someone to follow . . .

Ron who had been gazing at Harry said You dont know how bizarre it is to see Goyle thinking. He banged on Hermiones door. Cmon we need to go —

A high-pitched voice answered him.

I — I dont think Im going to come after all. You go on without me.

Hermione we know Millicent Bulstrodes ugly no ones going to know its you —

No — really — I dont think Ill come. You two hurry up youre wasting time —

Harry looked at Ron bewildered.

That looks more like Goyle said Ron. Thats how he looks every time a teacher asks him a question.

Hermione are you okay said Harry through the door.

Fine — Im fine — go on —

Harry looked at his watch. Five of their precious sixty minutes had already passed.

Well meet you back here all right he said.

Harry and Ron opened the door of the bathroom carefully checked that the coast was clear and set off.

Dont swing your arms like that Harry muttered to Ron.

Eh

Crabbe holds them sort of stiff. . . .

Hows this

Yeah thats better. . . .

They went down the marble staircase. All they needed now was a Slytherin that they could follow to the Slytherin common room but there was nobody around.

Any ideas muttered Harry.

The Slytherins always come up to breakfast from over there said Ron nodding at the entrance to the dungeons. The words had barely left his mouth when a girl with long curly hair emerged from the entrance.

Excuse me said Ron hurrying up to her. Weve forgotten the way to our common room.

I beg your pardon said the girl stiffly. Our common room Im a Ravenclaw.

She walked away looking suspiciously back at them.

Harry and Ron hurried down the stone steps into the darkness their footsteps echoing particularly loudly as Crabbes and Goyles huge feet hit the floor feeling that this wasnt going to be as easy as they had hoped.

The labyrinthine passages were deserted. They walked deeper and deeper under the school constantly checking their watches to see how much time they had left. After a quarter of an hour just when they were getting desperate they heard a sudden movement ahead.

Ha said Ron excitedly. Theres one of them now

The figure was emerging from a side room. As they hurried nearer however their hearts sank. It wasnt a Slytherin it was Percy.

Whatre you doing down here said Ron in surprise.

Percy looked affronted.

That he said stiffly is none of your business. Its Crabbe isnt it

Wh — oh yeah said Ron.

Well get off to your dormitories said Percy sternly. Its not safe to go wandering around dark corridors these days.

You are Ron pointed out.

I said Percy drawing himself up am a prefect. Nothings about to attack me.

A voice suddenly echoed behind Harry and Ron. Draco Malfoy was strolling toward them and for the first time in his life Harry was pleased to see him.

There you are he drawled looking at them. Have you two been pigging out in the Great Hall all this time Ive been looking for you; I want to show you something really funny.

Malfoy glanced witheringly at Percy.

And whatre you doing down here Weasley he sneered.

Percy looked outraged.

You want to show a bit more respect to a school prefect he said. I dont like your attitude

Malfoy sneered and motioned for Harry and Ron to follow him. Harry almost said something apologetic to Percy but caught himself just in time. He and Ron hurried after Malfoy who said as they turned into the next passage That Peter Weasley —

Percy Ron corrected him automatically.

Whatever said Malfoy. Ive noticed him sneaking around a lot lately. And I bet I know what hes up to. He thinks hes going to catch Slytherins heir single-handed.

He gave a short derisive laugh. Harry and Ron exchanged excited looks.

Malfoy paused by a stretch of bare damp stone wall.

Whats the new password again he said to Harry.

Er — said Harry.

Oh yeah — pure-blood said Malfoy not listening and a stone door concealed in the wall slid open. Malfoy marched through it and Harry and Ron followed him.

The Slytherin common room was a long low underground room with rough stone walls and ceiling from which round greenish lamps were hanging on chains. A fire was crackling under an elaborately carved mantelpiece ahead of them and several Slytherins were silhouetted around it in high-backed chairs.

Wait here said Malfoy to Harry and Ron motioning them to a pair of empty chairs set back from the fire. Ill go and get it — my fathers just sent it to me —

Wondering what Malfoy was going to show them Harry and Ron sat down doing their best to look at home.

Malfoy came back a minute later holding what looked like a newspaper clipping. He thrust it under Rons nose.

Thatll give you a laugh he said.

Harry saw Rons eyes widen in shock. He read the clipping quickly gave a very forced laugh and handed it to Harry.

It had been clipped out of the Daily Prophet and it said:



INQUIRY AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC

Arthur Weasley Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office was today fined fifty Galleons for bewitching a Muggle car.

Mr. Lucius Malfoy a governor of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry where the enchanted car crashed earlier this year called today for Mr. Weasleys resignation.

Weasley has brought the Ministry into disrepute Mr. Malfoy told our reporter. He is clearly unfit to draw up our laws and his ridiculous Muggle Protection Act should be scrapped immediately.

Mr. Weasley was unavailable for comment although his wife told reporters to clear off or shed set the family ghoul on them.





Well said Malfoy impatiently as Harry handed the clipping back to him. Dont you think its funny

Ha ha said Harry bleakly.

Arthur Weasley loves Muggles so much he should snap his wand in half and go and join them said Malfoy scornfully. Youd never know the Weasleys were purebloods the way they behave.

Rons — or rather Crabbes — face was contorted with fury.

Whats up with you Crabbe snapped Malfoy.

Stomachache Ron grunted.

Well go up to the hospital wing and give all those Mudbloods a kick from me said Malfoy snickering. You know Im surprised the Daily Prophet hasnt reported all these attacks yet he went on thoughtfully. I suppose Dumbledores trying to hush it all up. Hell be sacked if it doesnt stop soon. Fathers always said old Dumbledores the worst thing thats ever happened to this place. He loves Muggle-borns. A decent headmaster would neverve let slime like that Creevey in.

Malfoy started taking pictures with an imaginary camera and did a cruel but accurate impression of Colin: ‘Potter can I have your picture Potter Can I have your autograph Can I lick your shoes please Potter

He dropped his hands and looked at Harry and Ron.

Whats the matter with you two

Far too late Harry and Ron forced themselves to laugh but Malfoy seemed satisfied; perhaps Crabbe and Goyle were always slow on the uptake.

Saint Potter the Mudbloods friend said Malfoy slowly. Hes another one with no proper wizard feeling or he wouldnt go around with that jumped-up Granger Mudblood. And people think hes Slytherins heir

Harry and Ron waited with bated breath: Malfoy was surely seconds away from telling them it was him — but then —

I wish I knew who it is said Malfoy petulantly. I could help them.

Rons jaw dropped so that Crabbe looked even more clueless than usual. Fortunately Malfoy didnt notice and Harry thinking fast said You must have some idea whos behind it all. . . .

You know I havent Goyle how many times do I have to tell you snapped Malfoy. And Father wont tell me anything about the last time the Chamber was opened either. Of course it was fifty years ago so it was before his time but he knows all about it and he says that it was all kept quiet and itll look suspicious if I know too much about it. But I know one thing — last time the Chamber of Secrets was opened a Mudblood died. So I bet its a matter of time before one of thems killed this time. . . . I hope its Granger he said with relish.

Ron was clenching Crabbes gigantic fists. Feeling that it would be a bit of a giveaway if Ron punched Malfoy Harry shot him a warning look and said Dyou know if the person who opened the Chamber last time was caught

Oh yeah . . . whoever it was was expelled said Malfoy. Theyre probably still in Azkaban.

Azkaban said Harry puzzled.

Azkaban — the wizard prison Goyle said Malfoy looking at him in disbelief. Honestly if you were any slower youd be going backward.

He shifted restlessly in his chair and said Father says to keep my head down and let the Heir of Slytherin get on with it. He says the school needs ridding of all the Mudblood filth but not to get mixed up in it. Of course hes got a lot on his plate at the moment. You know the Ministry of Magic raided our manor last week

Harry tried to force Goyles dull face into a look of concern.

Yeah . . . said Malfoy. Luckily they didnt find much. Fathers got some very valuable Dark Arts stuff. But luckily weve got our own secret chamber under the drawing-room floor —

Ho said Ron.

Malfoy looked at him. So did Harry. Ron blushed. Even his hair was turning red. His nose was also slowly lengthening — their hour was up Ron was turning back into himself and from the look of horror he was suddenly giving Harry he must be too.

They both jumped to their feet.

Medicine for my stomach Ron grunted and without further ado they sprinted the length of the Slytherin common room hurled themselves at the stone wall and dashed up the passage hoping against hope that Malfoy hadnt noticed anything. Harry could feel his feet slipping around in Goyles huge shoes and had to hoist up his robes as he shrank; they crashed up the steps into the dark entrance hall which was full of a muffled pounding coming from the closet where theyd locked Crabbe and Goyle. Leaving their shoes outside the closet door they sprinted in their socks up the marble staircase toward Moaning Myrtles bathroom.

Well it wasnt a complete waste of time Ron panted closing the bathroom door behind them. I know we still havent found out whos doing the attacks but Im going to write to Dad tomorrow and tell him to check under the Malfoys drawing room.

Harry checked his face in the cracked mirror. He was back to normal. He put his glasses on as Ron hammered on the door of Hermiones stall.

Hermione come out weve got loads to tell you —

Go away Hermione squeaked.

Harry and Ron looked at each other.

Whats the matter said Ron. You must be back to normal by now we are —

But Moaning Myrtle glided suddenly through the stall door. Harry had never seen her looking so happy.

Ooooooh wait till you see she said. Its awful —

They heard the lock slide back and Hermione emerged sobbing her robes pulled up over her head.

Whats up said Ron uncertainly. Have you still got Millicents nose or something

Hermione let her robes fall and Ron backed into the sink.

Her face was covered in black fur. Her eyes had turned yellow and there were long pointed ears poking through her hair.

It was a c-cat hair she howled. M-Millicent Bulstrode m-must have a cat And the p-potion isnt supposed to be used for animal transformations

Uh-oh said Ron.

Youll be teased something dreadful said Myrtle happily.

Its okay Hermione said Harry quickly. Well take you up to the hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey never asks too many questions. . . .

It took a long time to persuade Hermione to leave the bathroom. Moaning Myrtle sped them on their way with a hearty guffaw. Wait till everyone finds out youve got a tail




