




THE VERY SECRET DIARY




Hermione remained in the hospital wing for several weeks. There was a flurry of rumor about her disappearance when the rest of the school arrived back from their Christmas holidays because of course everyone thought that she had been attacked. So many students filed past the hospital wing trying to catch a glimpse of her that Madam Pomfrey took out her curtains again and placed them around Hermiones bed to spare her the shame of being seen with a furry face.

Harry and Ron went to visit her every evening. When the new term started they brought her each days homework.

If Id sprouted whiskers Id take a break from work said Ron tipping a stack of books onto Hermiones bedside table one evening.

Dont be silly Ron Ive got to keep up said Hermione briskly. Her spirits were greatly improved by the fact that all the hair had gone from her face and her eyes were turning slowly back to brown. I dont suppose youve got any new leads she added in a whisper so that Madam Pomfrey couldnt hear her.

Nothing said Harry gloomily.

I was so sure it was Malfoy said Ron for about the hundredth time.

Whats that asked Harry pointing to something gold sticking out from under Hermiones pillow.

Just a get well card said Hermione hastily trying to poke it out of sight but Ron was too quick for her. He pulled it out flicked it open and read aloud:

To Miss Granger wishing you a speedy recovery from your concerned teacher Professor Gilderoy Lockhart Order of Merlin Third Class Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League and five-time winner of Witch Weeklys Most-Charming-Smile Award.

Ron looked up at Hermione disgusted.

You sleep with this under your pillow

But Hermione was spared answering by Madam Pomfrey sweeping over with her evening dose of medicine.

Is Lockhart the smarmiest bloke youve ever met or what Ron said to Harry as they left the infirmary and started up the stairs toward Gryffindor Tower. Snape had given them so much homework Harry thought he was likely to be in the sixth year before he finished it. Ron was just saying he wished he had asked Hermione how many rat tails you were supposed to add to a Hair-Raising Potion when an angry outburst from the floor above reached their ears.

Thats Filch Harry muttered as they hurried up the stairs and paused out of sight listening hard.

You dont think someone elses been attacked said Ron tensely.

They stood still their heads inclined toward Filchs voice which sounded quite hysterical.

— even more work for me Mopping all night like I havent got enough to do No this is the final straw Im going to Dumbledore —

His footsteps receded along the out-of-sight corridor and they heard a distant door slam.

They poked their heads around the corner. Filch had clearly been manning his usual lookout post: They were once again on the spot where Mrs. Norris had been attacked. They saw at a glance what Filch had been shouting about. A great flood of water stretched over half the corridor and it looked as though it was still seeping from under the door of Moaning Myrtles bathroom. Now that Filch had stopped shouting they could hear Myrtles wails echoing off the bathroom walls.

Now whats up with her said Ron.

Lets go and see said Harry and holding their robes over their ankles they stepped through the great wash of water to the door bearing its OUT OF ORDER sign ignored it as always and entered.

Moaning Myrtle was crying if possible louder and harder than ever before. She seemed to be hiding down her usual toilet. It was dark in the bathroom because the candles had been extinguished in the great rush of water that had left both walls and floor soaking wet.

Whats up Myrtle said Harry.

Whos that glugged Myrtle miserably. Come to throw something else at me

Harry waded across to her stall and said Why would I throw something at you

Dont ask me Myrtle shouted emerging with a wave of yet more water which splashed onto the already sopping floor. Here I am minding my own business and someone thinks its funny to throw a book at me. . . .

But it cant hurt you if someone throws something at you said Harry reasonably. I mean itd just go right through you wouldnt it

He had said the wrong thing. Myrtle puffed herself up and shrieked Lets all throw books at Myrtle because she cant feel it Ten points if you can get it through her stomach Fifty points if it goes through her head Well ha ha ha What a lovely game I dont think

Who threw it at you anyway asked Harry.

I dont know. . . . I was just sitting in the U-bend thinking about death and it fell right through the top of my head said Myrtle glaring at them. Its over there it got washed out. . . .

Harry and Ron looked under the sink where Myrtle was pointing. A small thin book lay there. It had a shabby black cover and was as wet as everything else in the bathroom. Harry stepped forward to pick it up but Ron suddenly flung out an arm to hold him back.

What said Harry.

Are you crazy said Ron. It could be dangerous.

Dangerous said Harry laughing. Come off it how could it be dangerous

Youd be surprised said Ron who was looking apprehensively at the book. Some of the books the Ministrys confiscated — Dads told me — there was one that burned your eyes out. And everyone who read Sonnets of a Sorcerer spoke in limericks for the rest of their lives. And some old witch in Bath had a book that you could never stop reading You just had to wander around with your nose in it trying to do everything one-handed. And —

All right Ive got the point said Harry.

The little book lay on the floor nondescript and soggy.

Well we wont find out unless we look at it he said and he ducked around Ron and picked it up off the floor.

Harry saw at once that it was a diary and the faded year on the cover told him it was fifty years old. He opened it eagerly. On the first page he could just make out the name T. M. Riddle in smudged ink.

Hang on said Ron who had approached cautiously and was looking over Harrys shoulder. I know that name. . . . T. M. Riddle got an award for special services to the school fifty years ago.

How on earth dyou know that said Harry in amazement.

Because Filch made me polish his shield about fifty times in detention said Ron resentfully. That was the one I burped slugs all over. If youd wiped slime off a name for an hour youd remember it too.

Harry peeled the wet pages apart. They were completely blank. There wasnt the faintest trace of writing on any of them not even Auntie Mabels birthday or dentist half-past three.

He never wrote in it said Harry disappointed.

I wonder why someone wanted to flush it away said Ron curiously.

Harry turned to the back cover of the book and saw the printed name of a variety store on Vauxhall Road London.

He mustve been Muggle-born said Harry thoughtfully. To have bought a diary from Vauxhall Road. . . .

Well its not much use to you said Ron. He dropped his voice. Fifty points if you can get it through Myrtles nose.

Harry however pocketed it.

Hermione left the hospital wing de-whiskered tail-less and fur-free at the beginning of February. On her first evening back in Gryffindor Tower Harry showed her T. M. Riddles diary and told her the story of how they had found it.

Oooh it might have hidden powers said Hermione enthusiastically taking the diary and looking at it closely.

If it has its hiding them very well said Ron. Maybe its shy. I dont know why you dont chuck it Harry.

I wish I knew why someone did try to chuck it said Harry. I wouldnt mind knowing how Riddle got an award for special services to Hogwarts either.

Couldve been anything said Ron. Maybe he got thirty O.W.L.s or saved a teacher from the giant squid. Maybe he murdered Myrtle; that wouldve done everyone a favor. . . .

But Harry could tell from the arrested look on Hermiones face that she was thinking what he was thinking.

What said Ron looking from one to the other.

Well the Chamber of Secrets was opened fifty years ago wasnt it he said. Thats what Malfoy said.

Yeah . . . said Ron slowly.

And this diary is fifty years old said Hermione tapping it excitedly.

So

Oh Ron wake up snapped Hermione. We know the person who opened the Chamber last time was expelled fifty years ago. We know T. M. Riddle got an award for special services to the school fifty years ago. Well what if Riddle got his special award for catching the Heir of Slytherin His diary would probably tell us everything — where the Chamber is and how to open it and what sort of creature lives in it — the person whos behind the attacks this time wouldnt want that lying around would they

Thats a brilliant theory Hermione said Ron with just one tiny little flaw. Theres nothing written in his diary.

But Hermione was pulling her wand out of her bag.

It might be invisible ink she whispered.

She tapped the diary three times and said Aparecium

Nothing happened. Undaunted Hermione shoved her hand back into her bag and pulled out what appeared to be a bright red eraser.

Its a Revealer I got it in Diagon Alley she said.

She rubbed hard on January first. Nothing happened.

Im telling you theres nothing to find in there said Ron. Riddle just got a diary for Christmas and couldnt be bothered filling it in.

Harry couldnt explain even to himself why he didnt just throw Riddles diary away. The fact was that even though he knew the diary was blank he kept absentmindedly picking it up and turning the pages as though it were a story he wanted to finish. And while Harry was sure he had never heard the name T. M. Riddle before it still seemed to mean something to him almost as though Riddle was a friend hed had when he was very small and had half-forgotten. But this was absurd. Hed never had friends before Hogwarts Dudley had made sure of that.

Nevertheless Harry was determined to find out more about Riddle so next day at break he headed for the trophy room to examine Riddles special award accompanied by an interested Hermione and a thoroughly unconvinced Ron who told them hed seen enough of the trophy room to last him a lifetime.

Riddles burnished gold shield was tucked away in a corner cabinet. It didnt carry details of why it had been given to him (Good thing too or itd be even bigger and Id still be polishing it said Ron). However they did find Riddles name on an old Medal for Magical Merit and on a list of old Head Boys.

He sounds like Percy said Ron wrinkling his nose in disgust. Prefect Head Boy . . . probably top of every class —

You say that like its a bad thing said Hermione in a slightly hurt voice.

The sun had now begun to shine weakly on Hogwarts again. Inside the castle the mood had grown more hopeful. There had been no more attacks since those on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick and Madam Pomfrey was pleased to report that the Mandrakes were becoming moody and secretive meaning that they were fast leaving childhood.

The moment their acne clears up theyll be ready for repotting again Harry heard her telling Filch kindly one afternoon. And after that it wont be long until were cutting them up and stewing them. Youll have Mrs. Norris back in no time.

Perhaps the Heir of Slytherin had lost his or her nerve thought Harry. It must be getting riskier and riskier to open the Chamber of Secrets with the school so alert and suspicious. Perhaps the monster whatever it was was even now settling itself down to hibernate for another fifty years. . . .

Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff didnt take this cheerful view. He was still convinced that Harry was the guilty one that he had given himself away at the Dueling Club. Peeves wasnt helping matters; he kept popping up in the crowded corridors singing Oh Potter you rotter . . . now with a dance routine to match.

Gilderoy Lockhart seemed to think he himself had made the attacks stop. Harry overheard him telling Professor McGonagall so while the Gryffindors were lining up for Transfiguration.

I dont think therell be any more trouble Minerva he said tapping his nose knowingly and winking. I think the Chamber has been locked for good this time. The culprit must have known it was only a matter of time before I caught him. Rather sensible to stop now before I came down hard on him.

You know what the school needs now is a morale-booster. Wash away the memories of last term I wont say any more just now but I think I know just the thing. . . .

He tapped his nose again and strode off.

Lockharts idea of a morale-booster became clear at breakfast time on February fourteenth. Harry hadnt had much sleep because of a late-running Quidditch practice the night before and he hurried down to the Great Hall slightly late. He thought for a moment that hed walked through the wrong doors.

The walls were all covered with large lurid pink flowers. Worse still heart-shaped confetti was falling from the pale blue ceiling. Harry went over to the Gryffindor table where Ron was sitting looking sickened and Hermione seemed to have been overcome with giggles.

Whats going on Harry asked them sitting down and wiping confetti off his bacon.

Ron pointed to the teachers table apparently too disgusted to speak. Lockhart wearing lurid pink robes to match the decorations was waving for silence. The teachers on either side of him were looking stony-faced. From where he sat Harry could see a muscle going in Professor McGonagalls cheek. Snape looked as though someone had just fed him a large beaker of Skele-Gro.

Happy Valentines Day Lockhart shouted. And may I thank the forty-six people who have so far sent me cards Yes I have taken the liberty of arranging this little surprise for you all — and it doesnt end here

Lockhart clapped his hands and through the doors to the entrance hall marched a dozen surly-looking dwarfs. Not just any dwarfs however. Lockhart had them all wearing golden wings and carrying harps.

My friendly card-carrying cupids beamed Lockhart. They will be roving around the school today delivering your valentines And the fun doesnt stop here Im sure my colleagues will want to enter into the spirit of the occasion Why not ask Professor Snape to show you how to whip up a Love Potion And while youre at it Professor Flitwick knows more about Entrancing Enchantments than any wizard Ive ever met the sly old dog

Professor Flitwick buried his face in his hands. Snape was looking as though the first person to ask him for a Love Potion would be force-fed poison.

Please Hermione tell me you werent one of the forty-six said Ron as they left the Great Hall for their first lesson. Hermione suddenly became very interested in searching her bag for her schedule and didnt answer.

All day long the dwarfs kept barging into their classes to deliver valentines to the annoyance of the teachers and late that afternoon as the Gryffindors were walking upstairs for Charms one of the dwarfs caught up with Harry.

Oi you Arry Potter shouted a particularly grim-looking dwarf elbowing people out of the way to get to Harry.

Hot all over at the thought of being given a valentine in front of a line of first years which happened to include Ginny Weasley Harry tried to escape. The dwarf however cut his way through the crowd by kicking peoples shins and reached him before hed gone two paces.

Ive got a musical message to deliver to Arry Potter in person he said twanging his harp in a threatening sort of way.

Not here Harry hissed trying to escape.

Stay still grunted the dwarf grabbing hold of Harrys bag and pulling him back.

Let me go Harry snarled tugging.

With a loud ripping noise his bag split in two. His books wand parchment and quill spilled onto the floor and his ink bottle smashed over everything.

Harry scrambled around trying to pick it all up before the dwarf started singing causing something of a holdup in the corridor.

Whats going on here came the cold drawling voice of Draco Malfoy. Harry started stuffing everything feverishly into his ripped bag desperate to get away before Malfoy could hear his musical valentine.

Whats all this commotion said another familiar voice as Percy Weasley arrived.

Losing his head Harry tried to make a run for it but the dwarf seized him around the knees and brought him crashing to the floor.

Right he said sitting on Harrys ankles. Here is your singing valentine:



His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad

His hair is as dark as a blackboard.

I wish he was mine hes really divine

The hero who conquered the Dark Lord.





Harry would have given all the gold in Gringotts to evaporate on the spot. Trying valiantly to laugh along with everyone else he got up his feet numb from the weight of the dwarf as Percy Weasley did his best to disperse the crowd some of whom were crying with mirth.

Off you go off you go the bell rang five minutes ago off to class now he said shooing some of the younger students away. And you Malfoy —

Harry glancing over saw Malfoy stoop and snatch up something. Leering he showed it to Crabbe and Goyle and Harry realized that hed got Riddles diary.

Give that back said Harry quietly.

Wonder what Potters written in this said Malfoy who obviously hadnt noticed the year on the cover and thought he had Harrys own diary. A hush fell over the onlookers. Ginny was staring from the diary to Harry looking terrified.

Hand it over Malfoy said Percy sternly.

When Ive had a look said Malfoy waving the diary tauntingly at Harry.

Percy said As a school prefect — but Harry had lost his temper. He pulled out his wand and shouted Expelliarmus and just as Snape had Disarmed Lockhart so Malfoy found the diary shooting out of his hand into the air. Ron grinning broadly caught it.

Harry said Percy loudly. No magic in the corridors. Ill have to report this you know

But Harry didnt care he was one-up on Malfoy and that was worth five points from Gryffindor any day. Malfoy was looking furious and as Ginny passed him to enter her classroom he yelled spitefully after her I dont think Potter liked your valentine much

Ginny covered her face with her hands and ran into class. Snarling Ron pulled out his wand too but Harry pulled him away. Ron didnt need to spend the whole of Charms belching slugs.

It wasnt until they had reached Professor Flitwicks class that Harry noticed something rather odd about Riddles diary. All his other books were drenched in scarlet ink. The diary however was as clean as it had been before the ink bottle had smashed all over it. He tried to point this out to Ron but Ron was having trouble with his wand again; large purple bubbles were blossoming out of the end and he wasnt much interested in anything else.

Harry went to bed before anyone else in his dormitory that night. This was partly because he didnt think he could stand Fred and George singing His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad one more time and partly because he wanted to examine Riddles diary again and knew that Ron thought he was wasting his time.

Harry sat on his four-poster and flicked through the blank pages not one of which had a trace of scarlet ink on it. Then he pulled a new bottle out of his bedside cabinet dipped his quill into it and dropped a blot onto the first page of the diary.

The ink shone brightly on the paper for a second and then as though it was being sucked into the page vanished. Excited Harry loaded up his quill a second time and wrote My name is Harry Potter.

The words shone momentarily on the page and they too sank without trace. Then at last something happened.

Oozing back out of the page in his very own ink came words Harry had never written.

Hello Harry Potter. My name is Tom Riddle. How did you come by my diary

These words too faded away but not before Harry had started to scribble back.

Someone tried to flush it down a toilet.

He waited eagerly for Riddles reply.

Lucky that I recorded my memories in some more lasting way than ink. But I always knew that there would be those who would not want this diary read.

What do you mean Harry scrawled blotting the page in his excitement.

I mean that this diary holds memories of terrible things. Things that were covered up. Things that happened at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

Thats where I am now Harry wrote quickly. Im at Hogwarts and horrible stuffs been happening. Do you know anything about the Chamber of Secrets

His heart was hammering. Riddles reply came quickly his writing becoming untidier as though he was hurrying to tell all he knew.

Of course I know about the Chamber of Secrets. In my day they told us it was a legend that it did not exist. But this was a lie. In my fifth year the Chamber was opened and the monster attacked several students finally killing one. I caught the person whod opened the Chamber and he was expelled. But the headmaster Professor Dippet ashamed that such a thing had happened at Hogwarts forbade me to tell the truth. A story was given out that the girl had died in a freak accident. They gave me a nice shiny engraved trophy for my trouble and warned me to keep my mouth shut. But I knew it could happen again. The monster lived on and the one who had the power to release it was not imprisoned.

Harry nearly upset his ink bottle in his hurry to write back.

Its happening again now. There have been three attacks and no one seems to know whos behind them. Who was it last time

I can show you if you like came Riddles reply. You dont have to take my word for it. I can take you inside my memory of the night when I caught him.

Harry hesitated his quill suspended over the diary. What did Riddle mean How could he be taken inside somebody elses memory He glanced nervously at the door to the dormitory which was growing dark. When he looked back at the diary he saw fresh words forming.

Let me show you.

Harry paused for a fraction of a second and then wrote two letters.

OK.

The pages of the diary began to blow as though caught in a high wind stopping halfway through the month of June. Mouth hanging open Harry saw that the little square for June thirteenth seemed to have turned into a minuscule television screen. His hands trembling slightly he raised the book to press his eye against the little window and before he knew what was happening he was tilting forward; the window was widening he felt his body leave his bed and he was pitched headfirst through the opening in the page into a whirl of color and shadow.

He felt his feet hit solid ground and stood shaking as the blurred shapes around him came suddenly into focus.

He knew immediately where he was. This circular room with the sleeping portraits was Dumbledores office — but it wasnt Dumbledore who was sitting behind the desk. A wizened frail-looking wizard bald except for a few wisps of white hair was reading a letter by candlelight. Harry had never seen this man before.

Im sorry he said shakily. I didnt mean to butt in —

But the wizard didnt look up. He continued to read frowning slightly. Harry drew nearer to his desk and stammered Er — Ill just go shall I

Still the wizard ignored him. He didnt seem even to have heard him. Thinking that the wizard might be deaf Harry raised his voice.

Sorry I disturbed you. Ill go now he half-shouted.

The wizard folded up the letter with a sigh stood up walked past Harry without glancing at him and went to draw the curtains at his window.

The sky outside the window was ruby-red; it seemed to be sunset. The wizard went back to the desk sat down and twiddled his thumbs watching the door.

Harry looked around the office. No Fawkes the phoenix — no whirring silver contraptions. This was Hogwarts as Riddle had known it meaning that this unknown wizard was headmaster not Dumbledore and he Harry was little more than a phantom completely invisible to the people of fifty years ago.

There was a knock on the office door.

Enter said the old wizard in a feeble voice.

A boy of about sixteen entered taking off his pointed hat. A silver prefects badge was glinting on his chest. He was much taller than Harry but he too had jet-black hair.

Ah Riddle said the headmaster.

You wanted to see me Professor Dippet said Riddle. He looked nervous.

Sit down said Dippet. Ive just been reading the letter you sent me.

Oh said Riddle. He sat down gripping his hands together very tightly.

My dear boy said Dippet kindly I cannot possibly let you stay at school over the summer. Surely you want to go home for the holidays

No said Riddle at once. Id much rather stay at Hogwarts than go back to that — to that —

You live in a Muggle orphanage during the holidays I believe said Dippet curiously.

Yes sir said Riddle reddening slightly.

You are Muggle-born

Half-blood sir said Riddle. Muggle father witch mother.

And are both your parents — 

My mother died just after I was born sir. They told me at the orphanage she lived just long enough to name me — Tom after my father Marvolo after my grandfather.

Dippet clucked his tongue sympathetically.

The thing is Tom he sighed special arrangements might have been made for you but in the current circumstances. . . .

You mean all these attacks sir said Riddle and Harrys heart leapt and he moved closer scared of missing anything.

Precisely said the headmaster. My dear boy you must see how foolish it would be of me to allow you to remain at the castle when term ends. Particularly in light of the recent tragedy . . . the death of that poor little girl. . . . You will be safer by far at your orphanage. As a matter of fact the Ministry of Magic is even now talking about closing the school. We are no nearer locating the — er — source of all this unpleasantness. . . .

Riddles eyes had widened.

Sir — if the person was caught — if it all stopped —

What do you mean said Dippet with a squeak in his voice sitting up in his chair. Riddle do you mean you know something about these attacks

No sir said Riddle quickly.

But Harry was sure it was the same sort of no that he himself had given Dumbledore.

Dippet sank back looking faintly disappointed.

You may go Tom. . . .

Riddle slid off his chair and slouched out of the room. Harry followed him.

Down the moving spiral staircase they went emerging next to the gargoyle in the darkening corridor. Riddle stopped and so did Harry watching him. Harry could tell that Riddle was doing some serious thinking. He was biting his lip his forehead furrowed.

Then as though he had suddenly reached a decision he hurried off Harry gliding noiselessly behind him. They didnt see another person until they reached the entrance hall when a tall wizard with long sweeping auburn hair and a beard called to Riddle from the marble staircase.

What are you doing wandering around this late Tom

Harry gaped at the wizard. He was none other than a fifty-years-younger Dumbledore.

I had to see the headmaster sir said Riddle.

Well hurry off to bed said Dumbledore giving Riddle exactly the kind of penetrating stare Harry knew so well. Best not to roam the corridors these days. Not since . . .

He sighed heavily bade Riddle good night and strode off. Riddle watched him walk out of sight and then moving quickly headed straight down the stone steps to the dungeons with Harry in hot pursuit.

But to Harrys disappointment Riddle led him not into a hidden passageway or a secret tunnel but to the very dungeon in which Harry had Potions with Snape. The torches hadnt been lit and when Riddle pushed the door almost closed Harry could only just see him standing stock-still by the door watching the passage outside.

It felt to Harry that they were there for at least an hour. All he could see was the figure of Riddle at the door staring through the crack waiting like a statue. And just when Harry had stopped feeling expectant and tense and started wishing he could return to the present he heard something move beyond the door.

Someone was creeping along the passage. He heard whoever it was pass the dungeon where he and Riddle were hidden. Riddle quiet as a shadow edged through the door and followed Harry tiptoeing behind him forgetting that he couldnt be heard.

For perhaps five minutes they followed the footsteps until Riddle stopped suddenly his head inclined in the direction of new noises. Harry heard a door creak open and then someone speaking in a hoarse whisper.

Cmon . . . gotta get yeh outta here. . . . Cmon now . . . in the box . . .

There was something familiar about that voice. . . .

Riddle suddenly jumped around the corner. Harry stepped out behind him. He could see the dark outline of a huge boy who was crouching in front of an open door a very large box next to it.

Evening Rubeus said Riddle sharply.

The boy slammed the door shut and stood up.

What yer doin down here Tom

Riddle stepped closer.

Its all over he said. Im going to have to turn you in Rubeus. Theyre talking about closing Hogwarts if the attacks dont stop.

What dyeh —

I dont think you meant to kill anyone. But monsters dont make good pets. I suppose you just let it out for exercise and —

It never killed no one said the large boy backing against the closed door. From behind him Harry could hear a funny rustling and clicking.

Come on Rubeus said Riddle moving yet closer. The dead girls parents will be here tomorrow. The least Hogwarts can do is make sure that the thing that killed their daughter is slaughtered. . . .

It wasnt him roared the boy his voice echoing in the dark passage. He wouldn He never

Stand aside said Riddle drawing out his wand.

His spell lit the corridor with a sudden flaming light. The door behind the large boy flew open with such force it knocked him into the wall opposite. And out of it came something that made Harry let out a long piercing scream unheard by anyone —

A vast low-slung hairy body and a tangle of black legs; a gleam of many eyes and a pair of razor-sharp pincers — Riddle raised his wand again but he was too late. The thing bowled him over as it scuttled away tearing up the corridor and out of sight. Riddle scrambled to his feet looking after it; he raised his wand but the huge boy leapt on him seized his wand and threw him back down yelling NOOOOOOO

The scene whirled the darkness became complete; Harry felt himself falling and with a crash he landed spread-eagled on his four-poster in the Gryffindor dormitory Riddles diary lying open on his stomach.

Before he had had time to regain his breath the dormitory door opened and Ron came in.

There you are he said.

Harry sat up. He was sweating and shaking.

Whats up said Ron looking at him with concern.

It was Hagrid Ron. Hagrid opened the Chamber of Secrets fifty years ago.




