




THE SERVANT OF LORD VOLDEMORT




Hermione screamed. Black leapt to his feet. Harry jumped as though hed received a huge electric shock.

I found this at the base of the Whomping Willow said Snape throwing the Cloak aside careful to keep his wand pointing directly at Lupins chest. Very useful Potter I thank you. . . .

Snape was slightly breathless but his face was full of suppressed triumph. Youre wondering perhaps how I knew you were here he said his eyes glittering. Ive just been to your office Lupin. You forgot to take your potion tonight so I took a gobletful along. And very lucky I did . . . lucky for me I mean. Lying on your desk was a certain map. One glance at it told me all I needed to know. I saw you running along this passageway and out of sight.

Severus — Lupin began but Snape overrode him.

Ive told the headmaster again and again that youre helping your old friend Black into the castle Lupin and heres the proof. Not even I dreamed you would have the nerve to use this old place as your hideout —

Severus youre making a mistake said Lupin urgently. You havent heard everything — I can explain — Sirius is not here to kill Harry —

Two more for Azkaban tonight said Snape his eyes now gleaming fanatically. I shall be interested to see how Dumbledore takes this. . . . He was quite convinced you were harmless you know Lupin . . . a tame werewolf —

You fool said Lupin softly. Is a schoolboy grudge worth putting an innocent man back inside Azkaban

BANG Thin snakelike cords burst from the end of Snapes wand and twisted themselves around Lupins mouth wrists and ankles; he overbalanced and fell to the floor unable to move. With a roar of rage Black started toward Snape but Snape pointed his wand straight between Blacks eyes.

Give me a reason he whispered. Give me a reason to do it and I swear I will.

Black stopped dead. It would have been impossible to say which face showed more hatred.

Harry stood there paralyzed not knowing what to do or whom to believe. He glanced around at Ron and Hermione. Ron looked just as confused as he did still fighting to keep hold on the struggling Scabbers. Hermione however took an uncertain step toward Snape and said in a very breathless voice Professor Snape — it — it wouldnt hurt to hear what theyve got to say w-would it

Miss Granger you are already facing suspension from this school Snape spat. You Potter and Weasley are out-of-bounds in the company of a convicted murderer and a werewolf. For once in your life hold your tongue.

But if — if there was a mistake —

KEEP QUIET YOU STUPID GIRL Snape shouted looking suddenly quite deranged. DONT TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DONT UNDERSTAND A few sparks shot out of the end of his wand which was still pointed at Blacks face. Hermione fell silent.

Vengeance is very sweet Snape breathed at Black. How I hoped I would be the one to catch you. . . .

The jokes on you again Severus Black snarled. As long as this boy brings his rat up to the castle — he jerked his head at Ron — Ill come quietly. . . .

Up to the castle said Snape silkily. I dont think we need to go that far. All I have to do is call the dementors once we get out of the Willow. Theyll be very pleased to see you Black . . . pleased enough to give you a little Kiss I daresay. . . .

What little color there was in Blacks face left it.

You — youve got to hear me out he croaked. The rat — look at the rat —

But there was a mad glint in Snapes eyes that Harry had never seen before. He seemed beyond reason.

Come on all of you he said. He clicked his fingers and the ends of the cords that bound Lupin flew to his hands. Ill drag the werewolf. Perhaps the dementors will have a Kiss for him too —

Before he knew what he was doing Harry had crossed the room in three strides and blocked the door.

Get out of the way Potter youre in enough trouble already snarled Snape. If I hadnt been here to save your skin —

Professor Lupin could have killed me about a hundred times this year Harry said. Ive been alone with him loads of times having defense lessons against the dementors. If he was helping Black why didnt he just finish me off then

Dont ask me to fathom the way a werewolfs mind works hissed Snape. Get out of the way Potter.

YOURE PATHETIC Harry yelled. JUST BECAUSE THEY MADE A FOOL OF YOU AT SCHOOL YOU WONT EVEN LISTEN —

SILENCE I WILL NOT BE SPOKEN TO LIKE THAT Snape shrieked looking madder than ever. Like father like son Potter I have just saved your neck; you should be thanking me on bended knee You would have been well served if hed killed you Youd have died like your father too arrogant to believe you might be mistaken in Black — now get out of the way or I will make you. GET OUT OF THE WAY POTTER

Harry made up his mind in a split second. Before Snape could take even one step toward him he had raised his wand.

Expelliarmus he yelled — except that his wasnt the only voice that shouted. There was a blast that made the door rattle on its hinges; Snape was lifted off his feet and slammed into the wall then slid down it to the floor a trickle of blood oozing from under his hair. He had been knocked out.

Harry looked around. Both Ron and Hermione had tried to Disarm Snape at exactly the same moment. Snapes wand soared in a high arc and landed on the bed next to Crookshanks.

You shouldnt have done that said Black looking at Harry. You should have left him to me. . . .

Harry avoided Blacks eyes. He wasnt sure even now that hed done the right thing.

We attacked a teacher. . . . We attacked a teacher . . .  Hermione whimpered staring at the lifeless Snape with frightened eyes. Oh were going to be in so much trouble —

Lupin was struggling against his bonds. Black bent down quickly and untied him. Lupin straightened up rubbing his arms where the ropes had cut into them.

Thank you Harry he said.

Im still not saying I believe you Harry retorted.

Then its time we offered you some proof said Black. You boy — give me Peter. Now.

Ron clutched Scabbers closer to his chest.

Come off it he said weakly. Are you trying to say he broke out of Azkaban just to get his hands on Scabbers I mean . . . He looked up at Harry and Hermione for support. Okay say Pettigrew could turn into a rat — there are millions of rats — hows he supposed to know which one hes after if he was locked up in Azkaban

You know Sirius thats a fair question said Lupin turning to Black and frowning slightly. How did you find out where he was

Black put one of his clawlike hands inside his robes and took out a crumpled piece of paper which he smoothed flat and held out to show the others.

It was the photograph of Ron and his family that had appeared in the Daily Prophet the previous summer and there on Rons shoulder was Scabbers.

How did you get this Lupin asked Black thunderstruck.

Fudge said Black. When he came to inspect Azkaban last year he gave me his paper. And there was Peter on the front page . . . on this boys shoulder. . . . I knew him at once . . . how many times had I seen him transform And the caption said the boy would be going back to Hogwarts . . . to where Harry was. . . .

My God said Lupin softly staring from Scabbers to the picture in the paper and back again. His front paw . . .

What about it said Ron defiantly.

Hes got a toe missing said Black.

Of course Lupin breathed. So simple . . . so brilliant . . . he cut it off himself

Just before he transformed said Black. When I cornered him he yelled for the whole street to hear that Id betrayed Lily and James. Then before I could curse him he blew apart the street with the wand behind his back killed everyone within twenty feet of himself — and sped down into the sewer with the other rats. . . .

Didnt you ever hear Ron said Lupin. The biggest bit of Peter they found was his finger.

Look Scabbers probably had a fight with another rat or something Hes been in my family for ages right —

Twelve years in fact said Lupin. Didnt you ever wonder why he was living so long

We — weve been taking good care of him said Ron.

Not looking too good at the moment though is he said Lupin. Id guess hes been losing weight ever since he heard Sirius was on the loose again. . . .

Hes been scared of that mad cat said Ron nodding toward Crookshanks who was still purring on the bed.

But that wasnt right Harry thought suddenly. . . . Scabbers had been looking ill before he met Crookshanks . . . ever since Rons return from Egypt . . . since the time when Black had escaped. . . .

This cat isnt mad said Black hoarsely. He reached out a bony hand and stroked Crookshankss fluffy head. Hes the most intelligent of his kind Ive ever met. He recognized Peter for what he was right away. And when he met me he knew I was no dog. It was a while before he trusted me. . . . Finally I managed to communicate to him what I was after and hes been helping me. . . .

What do you mean breathed Hermione.

He tried to bring Peter to me but couldnt . . . so he stole the passwords into Gryffindor Tower for me. . . . As I understand it he took them from a boys bedside table. . . .

Harrys brain seemed to be sagging under the weight of what he was hearing. It was absurd . . . and yet . . .

But Peter got wind of what was going on and ran for it. . . . croaked Black. This cat — Crookshanks did you call him — told me Peter had left blood on the sheets. . . . I supposed he bit himself. . . . Well faking his own death had worked once. . . .

These words jolted Harry to his senses.

And why did he fake his death he said furiously. Because he knew you were about to kill him like you killed my parents

No said Lupin Harry —

And now youve come to finish him off

Yes I have said Black with an evil look at Scabbers.

Then I shouldve let Snape take you Harry shouted.

Harry said Lupin hurriedly dont you see All this time weve thought Sirius betrayed your parents and Peter tracked him down — but it was the other way around dont you see Peter betrayed your mother and father — Sirius tracked Peter down —

THATS NOT TRUE Harry yelled. HE WAS THEIR SECRET-KEEPER HE SAID SO BEFORE YOU TURNED UP. HE SAID HE KILLED THEM

He was pointing at Black who shook his head slowly; the sunken eyes were suddenly overbright.

Harry . . . I as good as killed them he croaked. I persuaded Lily and James to change to Peter at the last moment persuaded them to use him as Secret-Keeper instead of me. . . . Im to blame I know it. . . . The night they died Id arranged to check on Peter make sure he was still safe but when I arrived at his hiding place hed gone. Yet there was no sign of a struggle. It didnt feel right. I was scared. I set out for your parents house straightaway. And when I saw their house destroyed and their bodies . . . I realized what Peter mustve done . . . what Id done. . . .

His voice broke. He turned away.

Enough of this said Lupin and there was a steely note in his voice Harry had never heard before. Theres one certain way to prove what really happened. Ron give me that rat.

What are you going to do with him if I give him to you Ron asked Lupin tensely.

Force him to show himself said Lupin. If he really is a rat it wont hurt him.

Ron hesitated. Then at long last he held out Scabbers and Lupin took him. Scabbers began to squeak without stopping twisting and turning his tiny black eyes bulging in his head.

Ready Sirius said Lupin.

Black had already retrieved Snapes wand from the bed. He approached Lupin and the struggling rat and his wet eyes suddenly seemed to be burning in his face.

Together he said quietly.

I think so said Lupin holding Scabbers tightly in one hand and his wand in the other. On the count of three. One — two — THREE

A flash of blue-white light erupted from both wands; for a moment Scabbers was frozen in midair his small gray form twisting madly — Ron yelled — the rat fell and hit the floor. There was another blinding flash of light and then —

It was like watching a speeded-up film of a growing tree. A head was shooting upward from the ground; limbs were sprouting; a moment later a man was standing where Scabbers had been cringing and wringing his hands. Crookshanks was spitting and snarling on the bed; the hair on his back was standing up.

He was a very short man hardly taller than Harry and Hermione. His thin colorless hair was unkempt and there was a large bald patch on top. He had the shrunken appearance of a plump man who has lost a lot of weight in a short time. His skin looked grubby almost like Scabberss fur and something of the rat lingered around his pointed nose and his very small watery eyes. He looked around at them all his breathing fast and shallow. Harry saw his eyes dart to the door and back again.

Well hello Peter said Lupin pleasantly as though rats frequently erupted into old school friends around him. Long time no see.

S-Sirius . . . R-Remus . . . Even Pettigrews voice was squeaky. Again his eyes darted toward the door. My friends . . . my old friends . . .

Blacks wand arm rose but Lupin seized him around the wrist gave him a warning look then turned again to Pettigrew his voice light and casual.

Weve been having a little chat Peter about what happened the night Lily and James died. You might have missed the finer points while you were squeaking around down there on the bed —

Remus gasped Pettigrew and Harry could see beads of sweat breaking out over his pasty face you dont believe him do you . . . He tried to kill me Remus. . . .

So weve heard said Lupin more coldly. Id like to clear up one or two little matters with you Peter if youd be so —

Hes come to try and kill me again Pettigrew squeaked suddenly pointing at Black and Harry saw that he used his middle finger because his index was missing. He killed Lily and James and now hes going to kill me too. . . . Youve got to help me Remus. . . .

Blacks face looked more skull-like than ever as he stared at Pettigrew with his fathomless eyes.

No ones going to try and kill you until weve sorted a few things out said Lupin.

Sorted things out squealed Pettigrew looking wildly about him once more eyes taking in the boarded windows and again the only door. I knew hed come after me I knew hed be back for me Ive been waiting for this for twelve years

You knew Sirius was going to break out of Azkaban said Lupin his brow furrowed. When nobody has ever done it before

Hes got Dark powers the rest of us can only dream of Pettigrew shouted shrilly. How else did he get out of there I suppose He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named taught him a few tricks

Black started to laugh a horrible mirthless laugh that filled the whole room.

Voldemort teach me tricks he said.

Pettigrew flinched as though Black had brandished a whip at him.

What scared to hear your old masters name said Black. I dont blame you Peter. His lot arent very happy with you are they

Dont know what you mean Sirius — muttered Pettigrew his breathing faster than ever. His whole face was shining with sweat now.

You havent been hiding from me for twelve years said Black. Youve been hiding from Voldemorts old supporters. I heard things in Azkaban Peter. . . . They all think youre dead or youd have to answer to them. . . . Ive heard them screaming all sorts of things in their sleep. Sounds like they think the double-crosser double-crossed them. Voldemort went to the Potters on your information . . . and Voldemort met his downfall there. And not all Voldemorts supporters ended up in Azkaban did they There are still plenty out here biding their time pretending theyve seen the error of their ways. . . . If they ever got wind that you were still alive Peter —

Dont know . . . what youre talking about . . .  said Pettigrew again more shrilly than ever. He wiped his face on his sleeve and looked up at Lupin. You dont believe this — this madness Remus —

I must admit Peter I have difficulty in understanding why an innocent man would want to spend twelve years as a rat said Lupin evenly.

Innocent but scared squealed Pettigrew. If Voldemorts supporters were after me it was because I put one of their best men in Azkaban — the spy Sirius Black

Blacks face contorted.

How dare you he growled sounding suddenly like the bear-sized dog he had been. I a spy for Voldemort When did I ever sneak around people who were stronger and more powerful than myself But you Peter — Ill never understand why I didnt see you were the spy from the start. You always liked big friends whod look after you didnt you It used to be us . . . me and Remus . . . and James. . . .

Pettigrew wiped his face again; he was almost panting for breath.

Me a spy . . . must be out of your mind . . . never . . . dont know how you can say such a —

Lily and James only made you Secret-Keeper because I suggested it Black hissed so venomously that Pettigrew took a step backward. I thought it was the perfect plan . . . a bluff. . . . Voldemort would be sure to come after me would never dream theyd use a weak talentless thing like you. . . . It must have been the finest moment of your miserable life telling Voldemort you could hand him the Potters.

Pettigrew was muttering distractedly; Harry caught words like far-fetched and lunacy but he couldnt help paying more attention to the ashen color of Pettigrews face and the way his eyes continued to dart toward the windows and door.

Professor Lupin said Hermione timidly. Can — can I say something

Certainly Hermione said Lupin courteously.

Well — Scabbers — I mean this — this man — hes been sleeping in Harrys dormitory for three years. If hes working for You-Know-Who how come he never tried to hurt Harry before now

There said Pettigrew shrilly pointing at Ron with his maimed hand. Thank you You see Remus I have never hurt a hair of Harrys head Why should I

Ill tell you why said Black. Because you never did anything for anyone unless you could see what was in it for you. Voldemorts been in hiding for twelve years they say hes half dead. You werent about to commit murder right under Albus Dumbledores nose for a wreck of a wizard whod lost all of his power were you Youd want to be quite sure he was the biggest bully in the playground before you went back to him wouldnt you Why else did you find a wizard family to take you in Keeping an ear out for news werent you Peter Just in case your old protector regained strength and it was safe to rejoin him. . . .

Pettigrew opened his mouth and closed it several times. He seemed to have lost the ability to talk.

Er — Mr. Black — Sirius said Hermione.

Black jumped at being addressed like this and stared at Hermione as though being spoken to politely was something hed long forgotten.

If you dont mind me asking how — how did you get out of Azkaban if you didnt use Dark Magic

Thank you gasped Pettigrew nodding frantically at her. Exactly Precisely what I —

But Lupin silenced him with a look. Black was frowning slightly at Hermione but not as though he were annoyed with her. He seemed to be pondering his answer.

I dont know how I did it he said slowly. I think the only reason I never lost my mind is that I knew I was innocent. That wasnt a happy thought so the dementors couldnt suck it out of me . . . but it kept me sane and knowing who I am . . . helped me keep my powers . . . so when it all became . . . too much . . . I could transform in my cell . . . become a dog. Dementors cant see you know. . . . He swallowed. They feel their way toward people by sensing their emotions. . . . They could tell that my feelings were less — less human less complex when I was a dog . . . but they thought of course that I was losing my mind like everyone else in there so it didnt trouble them. But I was weak very weak and I had no hope of driving them away from me without a wand. . . .

But then I saw Peter in that picture . . . I realized he was at Hogwarts with Harry . . . perfectly positioned to act if one hint reached his ears that the Dark Side was gathering strength again. . . .

Pettigrew was shaking his head mouthing noiselessly but staring all the while at Black as though hypnotized.

. . . ready to strike at the moment he could be sure of allies . . . and to deliver the last Potter to them. If he gave them Harry whod dare say hed betrayed Lord Voldemort Hed be welcomed back with honors. . . .

So you see I had to do something. I was the only one who knew Peter was still alive. . . .

Harry remembered what Mr. Weasley had told Mrs. Weasley. The guards say hes been talking in his sleep . . . always the same words . . . ‘Hes at Hogwarts.

It was as if someone had lit a fire in my head and the dementors couldnt destroy it. . . . It wasnt a happy feeling . . . it was an obsession . . . but it gave me strength it cleared my mind. So one night when they opened my door to bring food I slipped past them as a dog. . . . Its so much harder for them to sense animal emotions that they were confused. . . . I was thin very thin . . . thin enough to slip through the bars. . . . I swam as a dog back to the mainland. . . . I journeyed north and slipped into the Hogwarts grounds as a dog. Ive been living in the forest ever since except when I came to watch the Quidditch of course. You fly as well as your father did Harry. . . .

He looked at Harry who did not look away.

Believe me croaked Black. Believe me Harry. I never betrayed James and Lily. I would have died before I betrayed them.

And at long last Harry believed him. Throat too tight to speak he nodded.

No

Pettigrew had fallen to his knees as though Harrys nod had been his own death sentence. He shuffled forward on his knees groveling his hands clasped in front of him as though praying.

Sirius — its me . . . its Peter . . . your friend . . . you wouldnt . . .

Black kicked out and Pettigrew recoiled.

Theres enough filth on my robes without you touching them said Black.

Remus Pettigrew squeaked turning to Lupin instead writhing imploringly in front of him. You dont believe this . . . Wouldnt Sirius have told you theyd changed the plan

Not if he thought I was the spy Peter said Lupin. I assume thats why you didnt tell me Sirius he said casually over Pettigrews head.

Forgive me Remus said Black.

Not at all Padfoot old friend said Lupin who was now rolling up his sleeves. And will you in turn forgive me for believing you were the spy

Of course said Black and the ghost of a grin flitted across his gaunt face. He too began rolling up his sleeves. Shall we kill him together

Yes I think so said Lupin grimly.

You wouldnt . . . you wont . . .  gasped Pettigrew. And he scrambled around to Ron.

Ron . . . havent I been a good friend . . . a good pet You wont let them kill me Ron will you . . . youre on my side arent you

But Ron was staring at Pettigrew with the utmost revulsion.

I let you sleep in my bed he said.

Kind boy . . . kind master . . . Pettigrew crawled toward Ron you wont let them do it. . . . I was your rat. . . . I was a good pet. . . .

If you made a better rat than a human its not much to boast about Peter said Black harshly. Ron going still paler with pain wrenched his broken leg out of Pettigrews reach. Pettigrew turned on his knees staggered forward and seized the hem of Hermiones robes.

Sweet girl . . . clever girl . . . you — you wont let them. . . . Help me. . . .

Hermione pulled her robes out of Pettigrews clutching hands and backed away against the wall looking horrified.

Pettigrew knelt trembling uncontrollably and turned his head slowly toward Harry.

Harry . . . Harry . . . you look just like your father . . . just like him. . . .

HOW DARE YOU SPEAK TO HARRY roared Black. HOW DARE YOU FACE HIM HOW DARE YOU TALK ABOUT JAMES IN FRONT OF HIM

Harry whispered Pettigrew shuffling toward him hands outstretched. Harry James wouldnt have wanted me killed. . . . James would have understood Harry . . . he would have shown me mercy. . . .

Both Black and Lupin strode forward seized Pettigrews shoulders and threw him backward onto the floor. He sat there twitching with terror staring up at them.

You sold Lily and James to Voldemort said Black who was shaking too. Do you deny it

Pettigrew burst into tears. It was horrible to watch: He looked like an oversized balding baby cowering on the floor.

Sirius Sirius what could I have done The Dark Lord . . . you have no idea . . . he has weapons you cant imagine. . . . I was scared Sirius I was never brave like you and Remus and James. I never meant it to happen. . . . He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named forced me —

DONT LIE bellowed Black. YOUD BEEN PASSING INFORMATION TO HIM FOR A YEAR BEFORE LILY AND JAMES DIED YOU WERE HIS SPY

He — he was taking over everywhere gasped Pettigrew. W-what was there to be gained by refusing him

What was there to be gained by fighting the most evil wizard who has ever existed said Black with a terrible fury in his face. Only innocent lives Peter

You dont understand whined Pettigrew. He would have killed me Sirius

THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED roared Black. DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY YOUR FRIENDS AS WE WOULD HAVE DONE FOR YOU

Black and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder wands raised.

You should have realized said Lupin quietly if Voldemort didnt kill you we would. Good-bye Peter.

Hermione covered her face with her hands and turned to the wall.

NO Harry yelled. He ran forward placing himself in front of Pettigrew facing the wands. You cant kill him he said breathlessly. You cant.

Black and Lupin both looked staggered.

Harry this piece of vermin is the reason you have no parents Black snarled. This cringing bit of filth would have seen you die too without turning a hair. You heard him. His own stinking skin meant more to him than your whole family.

I know Harry panted. Well take him up to the castle. Well hand him over to the dementors. . . . He can go to Azkaban . . . but dont kill him.

Harry gasped Pettigrew and he flung his arms around Harrys knees. You — thank you — its more than I deserve — thank you —

Get off me Harry spat throwing Pettigrews hands off him in disgust. Im not doing this for you. Im doing it because I dont reckon my dad wouldve wanted his best friends to become killers — just for you.

No one moved or made a sound except Pettigrew whose breath was coming in wheezes as he clutched his chest. Black and Lupin were looking at each other. Then with one movement they lowered their wands.

Youre the only person who has the right to decide Harry said Black. But think . . . think what he did. . . .

He can go to Azkaban Harry repeated. If anyone deserves that place he does. . . .

Pettigrew was still wheezing behind him.

Very well said Lupin. Stand aside Harry.

Harry hesitated.

Im going to tie him up said Lupin. Thats all I swear.

Harry stepped out of the way. Thin cords shot from Lupins wand this time and next moment Pettigrew was wriggling on the floor bound and gagged.

But if you transform Peter growled Black his own wand pointing at Pettigrew too we will kill you. You agree Harry

Harry looked down at the pitiful figure on the floor and nodded so that Pettigrew could see him.

Right said Lupin suddenly businesslike. Ron I cant mend bones nearly as well as Madam Pomfrey so I think its best if we just strap your leg up until we can get you to the hospital wing.

He hurried over to Ron bent down tapped Rons leg with his wand and muttered Ferula. Bandages spun up Rons leg strapping it tightly to a splint. Lupin helped him to his feet; Ron put his weight gingerly on the leg and didnt wince.

Thats better he said. Thanks.

What about Professor Snape said Hermione in a small voice looking down at Snapes prone figure.

Theres nothing seriously wrong with him said Lupin bending over Snape and checking his pulse. You were just a little — overenthusiastic. Still out cold. Er — perhaps it will be best if we dont revive him until were safely back in the castle. We can take him like this. . . .

He muttered Mobilicorpus. As though invisible strings were tied to Snapes wrists neck and knees he was pulled into a standing position head still lolling unpleasantly like a grotesque puppet. He hung a few inches above the ground his limp feet dangling. Lupin picked up the Invisibility Cloak and tucked it safely into his pocket.

And two of us should be chained to this said Black nudging Pettigrew with his toe. Just to make sure.

Ill do it said Lupin.

And me said Ron savagely limping forward.

Black conjured heavy manacles from thin air; soon Pettigrew was upright again left arm chained to Lupins right right arm to Rons left. Rons face was set. He seemed to have taken Scabberss true identity as a personal insult. Crookshanks leapt lightly off the bed and led the way out of the room his bottlebrush tail held jauntily high.




