




FALLEN WARRIOR




Hagrid

Harry struggled to raise himself out of the debris of metal and leather that surrounded him; his hands sank into inches of muddy water as he tried to stand. He could not understand where Voldemort had gone and expected him to swoop out of the darkness at any moment. Something hot and wet was trickling down his chin and from his forehead. He crawled out of the pond and stumbled toward the great dark mass on the ground that was Hagrid.

Hagrid Hagrid talk to me —

But the dark mass did not stir.

Whos there Is it Potter Are you Harry Potter

Harry did not recognize the mans voice. Then a woman shouted Theyve crashed Ted Crashed in the garden

Harrys head was swimming.

Hagrid he repeated stupidly and his knees buckled.

The next thing he knew he was lying on his back on what felt like cushions with a burning sensation in his ribs and right arm. His missing tooth had been regrown. The scar on his forehead was still throbbing.

Hagrid

He opened his eyes and saw that he was lying on a sofa in an unfamiliar lamplit sitting room. His rucksack lay on the floor a short distance away wet and muddy. A fair-haired big-bellied man was watching Harry anxiously.

Hagrids fine son said the man the wifes seeing to him now. How are you feeling Anything else broken Ive fixed your ribs your tooth and your arm. Im Ted by the way Ted Tonks — Doras father.

Harry sat up too quickly: Lights popped in front of his eyes and he felt sick and giddy.

Voldemort —

Easy now said Ted Tonks placing a hand on Harrys shoulder and pushing him back against the cushions. That was a nasty crash you just had. What happened anyway Something go wrong with the bike Arthur Weasley overstretch himself again him and his Muggle contraptions

No said Harry as his scar pulsed like an open wound. Death Eaters loads of them — we were chased —

Death Eaters said Ted sharply. What dyou mean Death Eaters I thought they didnt know you were being moved tonight I thought —

They knew said Harry.

Ted Tonks looked up at the ceiling as though he could see through it to the sky above.

Well we know our protective charms hold then dont we They shouldnt be able to get within a hundred yards of the place in any direction.

Now Harry understood why Voldemort had vanished; it had been at the point when the motorbike crossed the barrier of the Orders charms. He only hoped they would continue to work: He imagined Voldemort a hundred yards above them as they spoke looking for a way to penetrate what Harry visualized as a great transparent bubble.

He swung his legs off the sofa; he needed to see Hagrid with his own eyes before he would believe that he was alive. He had barely stood up however when a door opened and Hagrid squeezed through it his face covered in mud and blood limping a little but miraculously alive.

Harry

Knocking over two delicate tables and an aspidistra he covered the floor between them in two strides and pulled Harry into a hug that nearly cracked his newly repaired ribs. Blimey Harry how did yeh get out o that I thought we were both goners.

Yeah me too. I cant believe —

Harry broke off. He had just noticed the woman who had entered the room behind Hagrid.

You he shouted and he thrust his hand into his pocket but it was empty.

Your wands here son said Ted tapping it on Harrys arm. It fell right beside you I picked it up. And thats my wife youre shouting at.

Oh Im — Im sorry.

As she moved forward into the room Mrs. Tonkss resemblance to her sister Bellatrix became much less pronounced: Her hair was a light soft brown and her eyes were wider and kinder. Nevertheless she looked a little haughty after Harrys exclamation.

What happened to our daughter she asked. Hagrid said you were ambushed; where is Nymphadora

I dont know said Harry. We dont know what happened to anyone else.

She and Ted exchanged looks. A mixture of fear and guilt gripped Harry at the sight of their expressions; if any of the others had died it was his fault all his fault. He had consented to the plan given them his hair. . . .

The Portkey he said remembering all of a sudden. Weve got to get back to the Burrow and find out — then well be able to send you word or — or Tonks will once shes —

Dorall be okay Dromeda said Ted. She knows her stuff shes been in plenty of tight spots with the Aurors. The Portkeys through here he added to Harry. Its supposed to leave in three minutes if you want to take it.

Yeah we do said Harry. He seized his rucksack swung it onto his shoulders. I —

He looked at Mrs. Tonks wanting to apologize for the state of fear in which he left her and for which he felt so terribly responsible but no words occurred to him that did not seem hollow and insincere.

Ill tell Tonks — Dora — to send word when she . . . Thanks for patching us up thanks for everything. I —

He was glad to leave the room and follow Ted Tonks along a short hallway and into a bedroom. Hagrid came after them bending low to avoid hitting his head on the door lintel.

There you go son. Thats the Portkey.

Mr. Tonks was pointing to a small silver-backed hairbrush lying on the dressing table.

Thanks said Harry reaching out to place a finger on it ready to leave.

Wait a moment said Hagrid looking around. Harry wheres Hedwig

She . . . she got hit said Harry.

The realization crashed over him: He felt ashamed of himself as the tears stung his eyes. The owl had been his companion his one great link with the magical world whenever he had been forced to return to the Dursleys.

Hagrid reached out a great hand and patted him painfully on the shoulder.

Never mind he said gruffly. Never mind. She had a great old life —

Hagrid said Ted Tonks warningly as the hairbrush glowed bright blue and Hagrid only just got his forefinger to it in time.

With a jerk behind the navel as though an invisible hook and line had dragged him forward Harry was pulled into nothingness spinning uncontrollably his finger glued to the Portkey as he and Hagrid hurtled away from Mr. Tonks. Seconds later Harrys feet slammed onto hard ground and he fell onto his hands and knees in the yard of the Burrow. He heard screams. Throwing aside the no longer glowing hairbrush Harry stood up swaying slightly and saw Mrs. Weasley and Ginny running down the steps by the back door as Hagrid who had also collapsed on landing clambered laboriously to his feet.

Harry You are the real Harry What happened Where are the others cried Mrs. Weasley.

What dyou mean Isnt anyone else back Harry panted.

The answer was clearly etched in Mrs. Weasleys pale face.

The Death Eaters were waiting for us Harry told her. We were surrounded the moment we took off — they knew it was tonight — I dont know what happened to anyone else four of them chased us it was all we could do to get away and then Voldemort caught up with us —

He could hear the self-justifying note in his voice the plea for her to understand why he did not know what had happened to her sons but —

Thank goodness youre all right she said pulling him into a hug he did not feel he deserved.

Havent go any brandy have yeh Molly asked Hagrid a little shakily. Fer medicinal purposes

She could have summoned it by magic but as she hurried back toward the crooked house Harry knew that she wanted to hide her face. He turned to Ginny and she answered his unspoken plea for information at once.

Ron and Tonks should have been back first but they missed their Portkey it came back without them she said pointing at a rusty oil can lying on the ground nearby. And that one she pointed at an ancient sneaker should have been Dad and Freds they were supposed to be second. You and Hagrid were third and she checked her watch if they made it George and Lupin ought to be back in about a minute.

Mrs. Weasley reappeared carrying a bottle of brandy which she handed to Hagrid. He uncorked it and drank it straight down in one.

Mum shouted Ginny pointing to a spot several feet away.

A blue light had appeared in the darkness: It grew larger and brighter and Lupin and George appeared spinning and then falling. Harry knew immediately that there was something wrong: Lupin was supporting George who was unconscious and whose face was covered in blood.

Harry ran forward and seized Georges legs. Together he and Lupin carried George into the house and through the kitchen to the sitting room where they laid him on the sofa. As the lamplight fell across Georges head Ginny gasped and Harrys stomach lurched: One of Georges ears was missing. The side of his head and neck were drenched in wet shockingly scarlet blood.

No sooner had Mrs. Weasley bent over her son than Lupin grabbed Harry by the upper arm and dragged him none too gently back into the kitchen where Hagrid was still attempting to ease his bulk through the back door.

Oi said Hagrid indignantly. Le go of him Le go of Harry

Lupin ignored him.

What creature sat in the corner the first time that Harry Potter visited my office at Hogwarts he said giving Harry a small shake. Answer me

A — a grindylow in a tank wasnt it

Lupin released Harry and fell back against a kitchen cupboard.

Wha was tha about roared Hagrid.

Im sorry Harry but I had to check said Lupin tersely. Weve been betrayed. Voldemort knew that you were being moved tonight and the only people who could have told him were directly involved in the plan. You might have been an impostor.

So why aren you checkin me panted Hagrid still struggling to fit through the door.

Youre half-giant said Lupin looking up at Hagrid. The Polyjuice Potion is designed for human use only.

None of the Order would have told Voldemort we were moving tonight said Harry. The idea was dreadful to him he could not believe it of any of them. Voldemort only caught up with me toward the end he didnt know which one I was in the beginning. If hed been in on the plan hed have known from the start I was the one with Hagrid.

Voldemort caught up with you said Lupin sharply. What happened How did you escape

Harry explained briefly how the Death Eaters pursuing them had seemed to recognize him as the true Harry how they had abandoned the chase how they must have summoned Voldemort who had appeared just before he and Hagrid had reached the sanctuary of Tonkss parents.

They recognized you But how What had you done

I . . . Harry tried to remember; the whole journey seemed like a blur of panic and confusion. I saw Stan Shunpike. . . . You know the bloke who was the conductor on the Knight Bus And I tried to Disarm him instead of — well he doesnt know what hes doing does he He must be Imperiused

Lupin looked aghast.

Harry the time for Disarming is past These people are trying to capture and kill you At least Stun if you arent prepared to kill

We were hundreds of feet up Stans not himself and if I Stunned him and hed fallen hed have died the same as if Id used Avada Kedavra Expelliarmus saved me from Voldemort two years ago Harry added defiantly. Lupin was reminding him of the sneering Hufflepuff Zacharias Smith who had jeered at Harry for wanting to teach Dumbledores Army how to Disarm.

Yes Harry said Lupin with painful restraint and a great number of Death Eaters witnessed that happening Forgive me but it was a very unusual move then under imminent threat of death. Repeating it tonight in front of Death Eaters who either witnessed or heard about the first occasion was close to suicidal

So you think I should have killed Stan Shunpike said Harry angrily.

Of course not said Lupin but the Death Eaters — frankly most people — would have expected you to attack back Expelliarmus is a useful spell Harry but the Death Eaters seem to think it is your signature move and I urge you not to let it become so

Lupin was making Harry feel idiotic and yet there was still a grain of defiance inside him.

I wont blast people out of my way just because theyre there said Harry. Thats Voldemorts job.

Lupins retort was lost: Finally succeeding in squeezing through the door Hagrid staggered to a chair and sat down; it collapsed beneath him. Ignoring his mingled oaths and apologies Harry addressed Lupin again.

Will George be okay

All Lupins frustration with Harry seemed to drain away at the question.

I think so although theres no chance of replacing his ear not when its been cursed off —

There was a scuffling from outside. Lupin dived for the back door; Harry leapt over Hagrids legs and sprinted into the yard.

Two figures had appeared in the yard and as Harry ran toward them he realized they were Hermione now returning to her normal appearance and Kingsley both clutching a bent coat hanger. Hermione flung herself into Harrys arms but Kingsley showed no pleasure at the sight of any of them. Over Hermiones shoulder Harry saw him raise his wand and point it at Lupins chest.

The last words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair of us

‘Harry is the best hope we have. Trust him said Lupin calmly.

Kingsley turned his wand on Harry but Lupin said Its him Ive checked

All right all right said Kingsley stowing his wand back beneath his cloak. But somebody betrayed us They knew they knew it was tonight

So it seems replied Lupin but apparently they did not realize that there would be seven Harrys.

Small comfort snarled Kingsley. Who else is back

Only Harry Hagrid George and me.

Hermione stifled a little moan behind her hand.

What happened to you Lupin asked Kingsley.

Followed by five injured two mightve killed one Kingsley reeled off and we saw You-Know-Who as well he joined the chase halfway through but vanished pretty quickly. Remus he can —

Fly supplied Harry. I saw him too he came after Hagrid and me.

So thats why he left to follow you said Kingsley. I couldnt understand why hed vanished. But what made him change targets

Harry behaved a little too kindly to Stan Shunpike said Lupin.

Stan repeated Hermione. But I thought he was in Azkaban

Kingsley let out a mirthless laugh.

Hermione theres obviously been a mass breakout which the Ministry has hushed up. Traverss hood fell off when I cursed him hes supposed to be inside too. But what happened to you Remus Wheres George

He lost an ear said Lupin.

Lost an —  repeated Hermione in a high voice.

Snapes work said Lupin.

Snape shouted Harry. You didnt say —

He lost his hood during the chase. Sectumsempra was always a speciality of Snapes. I wish I could say Id paid him back in kind but it was all I could do to keep George on the broom after he was injured he was losing so much blood.

Silence fell between the four of them as they looked up at the sky. There was no sign of movement; the stars stared back unblinking indifferent unobscured by flying friends. Where was Ron Where were Fred and Mr. Weasley Where were Bill Fleur Tonks Mad-Eye and Mundungus

Harry give us a hand called Hagrid hoarsely from the door in which he was stuck again. Glad of something to do Harry pulled him free then headed through the empty kitchen and back into the sitting room where Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were still tending to George. Mrs. Weasley had staunched his bleeding now and by the lamplight Harry saw a clean gaping hole where Georges ear had been.

How is he

Mrs. Weasley looked around and said I cant make it grow back not when its been removed by Dark Magic. But it could have been so much worse. . . . Hes alive.

Yeah said Harry. Thank God.

Did I hear someone else in the yard Ginny asked.

Hermione and Kingsley said Harry.

Thank goodness Ginny whispered. They looked at each other; Harry wanted to hug her hold on to her; he did not even care much that Mrs. Weasley was there but before he could act on the impulse there was a great crash from the kitchen.

Ill prove who I am Kingsley after Ive seen my son now back off if you know whats good for you

Harry had never heard Mr. Weasley shout like that before. He burst into the living room his bald patch gleaming with sweat his spectacles askew Fred right behind him both pale but uninjured.

Arthur sobbed Mrs. Weasley. Oh thank goodness

How is he

Mr. Weasley dropped to his knees beside George. For the first time since Harry had known him Fred seemed to be lost for words. He gaped over the back of the sofa at his twins wound as if he could not believe what he was seeing.

Perhaps roused by the sound of Fred and their fathers arrival George stirred.

How do you feel Georgie whispered Mrs. Weasley.

Georges fingers groped for the side of his head.

Saintlike he murmured.

Whats wrong with him croaked Fred looking terrified. Is his mind affected

Saintlike repeated George opening his eyes and looking up at his brother. You see . . . Im holy. Holey Fred geddit

Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever. Color flooded Freds pale face.

Pathetic he told George. Pathetic With the whole wide world of ear-related humor before you you go for holey

Ah well said George grinning at his tear-soaked mother. Youll be able to tell us apart now anyway Mum.

He looked around.

Hi Harry — you are Harry right

Yeah I am said Harry moving closer to the sofa.

Well at least we got you back okay said George. Why arent Ron and Bill huddled round my sickbed

Theyre not back yet George said Mrs. Weasley. Georges grin faded. Harry glanced at Ginny and motioned to her to accompany him back outside. As they walked through the kitchen she said in a low voice

Ron and Tonks should be back by now. They didnt have a long journey; Auntie Muriels not that far from here.

Harry said nothing. He had been trying to keep fear at bay ever since reaching the Burrow but now it enveloped him seeming to crawl over his skin throbbing in his chest clogging his throat. As they walked down the back steps into the dark yard Ginny took his hand.

Kingsley was striding backward and forward glancing up at the sky every time he turned. Harry was reminded of Uncle Vernon pacing the living room a million years ago. Hagrid Hermione and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder gazing upward in silence. None of them looked around when Harry and Ginny joined their silent vigil.

The minutes stretched into what might as well have been years. The slightest breath of wind made them all jump and turn toward the whispering bush or tree in the hope that one of the missing Order members might leap unscathed from its leaves —

And then a broom materialized directly above them and streaked toward the ground —

Its them screamed Hermione.

Tonks landed in a long skid that sent earth and pebbles everywhere.

Remus Tonks cried as she staggered off the broom into Lupins arms. His face was set and white: He seemed unable to speak. Ron tripped dazedly toward Harry and Hermione.

Youre okay he mumbled before Hermione flew at him and hugged him tightly.

I thought — I thought —

M all right said Ron patting her on the back. M fine.

Ron was great said Tonks warmly relinquishing her hold on Lupin. Wonderful. Stunned one of the Death Eaters straight to the head and when youre aiming at a moving target from a flying broom —

You did said Hermione gazing up at Ron with her arms still around his neck.

Always the tone of surprise he said a little grumpily breaking free. Are we the last back

No said Ginny were still waiting for Bill and Fleur and Mad-Eye and Mundungus. Im going to tell Mum and Dad youre okay Ron —

She ran back inside.

So what kept you What happened Lupin sounded almost angry at Tonks.

Bellatrix said Tonks. She wants me quite as much as she wants Harry Remus she tried very hard to kill me. I just wish Id got her I owe Bellatrix. But we definitely injured Rodolphus. . . . Then we got to Rons Auntie Muriels and wed missed our Portkey and she was fussing over us —

A muscle was jumping in Lupins jaw. He nodded but seemed unable to say anything else.

So what happened to you lot Tonks asked turning to Harry Hermione and Kingsley.

They recounted the stories of their own journeys but all the time the continued absence of Bill Fleur Mad-Eye and Mundungus seemed to lie upon them like a frost its icy bite harder and harder to ignore.

Im going to have to get back to Downing Street I should have been there an hour ago said Kingsley finally after a last sweeping gaze at the sky. Let me know when theyre back.

Lupin nodded. With a wave to the others Kingsley walked away into the darkness toward the gate. Harry thought he heard the faintest pop as Kingsley Disapparated just beyond the Burrows boundaries.

Mr. and Mrs. Weasley came racing down the back steps Ginny behind them. Both parents hugged Ron before turning to Lupin and Tonks.

Thank you said Mrs. Weasley for our sons.

Dont be silly Molly said Tonks at once.

Hows George asked Lupin.

Whats wrong with him piped up Ron.

Hes lost —

But the end of Mrs. Weasleys sentence was drowned in a general outcry: A thestral had just soared into sight and landed a few feet from them. Bill and Fleur slid from its back windswept but unhurt.

Bill Thank God thank God —

Mrs. Weasley ran forward but the hug Bill bestowed upon her was perfunctory. Looking directly at his father he said Mad-Eyes dead.

Nobody spoke nobody moved. Harry felt as though something inside him was falling falling through the earth leaving him forever.

We saw it said Bill; Fleur nodded tear tracks glittering on her cheeks in the light from the kitchen window. It happened just after we broke out of the circle: Mad-Eye and Dung were close by us they were heading north too. Voldemort — he can fly — went straight for them. Dung panicked I heard him cry out Mad-Eye tried to stop him but he Disapparated. Voldemorts curse hit Mad-Eye full in the face he fell backward off his broom and — there was nothing we could do nothing we had half a dozen of them on our own tail —

Bills voice broke.

Of course you couldnt have done anything said Lupin.

They all stood looking at each other. Harry could not quite comprehend it. Mad-Eye dead; it could not be. . . . Mad-Eye so tough so brave the consummate survivor . . .

At last it seemed to dawn on everyone though nobody said it that there was no point waiting in the yard anymore and in silence they followed Mr. and Mrs. Weasley back into the Burrow and into the living room where Fred and George were laughing together.

Whats wrong said Fred scanning their faces as they entered. Whats happened Whos — 

Mad-Eye said Mr. Weasley. Dead.

The twins grins turned to grimaces of shock. Nobody seemed to know what to do. Tonks was crying silently into a handkerchief: She had been close to Mad-Eye Harry knew his favorite and his protégée at the Ministry of Magic. Hagrid who had sat down on the floor in the corner where he had most space was dabbing at his eyes with his tablecloth-sized handkerchief.

Bill walked over to the sideboard and pulled out a bottle of firewhisky and some glasses.

Here he said and with a wave of his wand he sent twelve full glasses soaring through the room to each of them holding the thirteenth aloft. Mad-Eye.

Mad-Eye they all said and drank.

Mad-Eye echoed Hagrid a little late with a hiccup.

The firewhisky seared Harrys throat. It seemed to burn feeling back into him dispelling the numbness and sense of unreality firing him with something that was like courage.

So Mundungus disappeared said Lupin who had drained his own glass in one.

The atmosphere changed at once. Everybody looked tense watching Lupin both wanting him to go on it seemed to Harry and slightly afraid of what they might hear.

I know what youre thinking said Bill and I wondered that too on the way back here because they seemed to be expecting us didnt they But Mundungus cant have betrayed us. They didnt know there would be seven Harrys that confused them the moment we appeared and in case youve forgotten it was Mundungus who suggested that little bit of skullduggery. Why wouldnt he have told them the essential point I think Dung panicked its as simple as that. He didnt want to come in the first place but Mad-Eye made him and You-Know-Who went straight for them. It was enough to make anyone panic.

You-Know-Who acted exactly as Mad-Eye expected him to sniffed Tonks. Mad-Eye said hed expect the real Harry to be with the toughest most skilled Aurors. He chased Mad-Eye first and when Mundungus gave them away he switched to Kingsley. . . .

Yes and zat eez all very good snapped Fleur but still eet does not explain ow zey knew we were moving Arry tonight does eet Somebody must ave been careless. Somebody let slip ze date to an outsider. It is ze only explanation for zem knowing ze date but not ze ole plan.

She glared around at them all tear tracks still etched on her beautiful face silently daring any of them to contradict her. Nobody did. The only sound to break the silence was that of Hagrid hiccuping from behind his handkerchief. Harry glanced at Hagrid who had just risked his own life to save Harrys — Hagrid whom he loved whom he trusted who had once been tricked into giving Voldemort crucial information in exchange for a dragons egg. . . .

No Harry said aloud and they all looked at him surprised: The firewhisky seemed to have amplified his voice. I mean . . . if somebody made a mistake Harry went on and let something slip I know they didnt mean to do it. Its not their fault he repeated again a little louder than he would usually have spoken. Weve got to trust each other. I trust all of you I dont think anyone in this room would ever sell me to Voldemort.

More silence followed his words. They were all looking at him; Harry felt a little hot again and drank some more firewhisky for something to do. As he drank he thought of Mad-Eye. Mad-Eye had always been scathing about Dumbledores willingness to trust people.

Well said Harry said Fred unexpectedly.

Yeah ear ear said George with half a glance at Fred the corner of whose mouth twitched.

Lupin was wearing an odd expression as he looked at Harry. It was close to pitying.

You think Im a fool demanded Harry.

No I think youre like James said Lupin who would have regarded it as the height of dishonor to mistrust his friends.

Harry knew what Lupin was getting at: that his father had been betrayed by his friend Peter Pettigrew. He felt irrationally angry. He wanted to argue but Lupin had turned away from him set down his glass upon a side table and addressed Bill Theres work to do. I can ask Kingsley whether —

No said Bill at once Ill do it Ill come.

Where are you going said Tonks and Fleur together.

Mad-Eyes body said Lupin. We need to recover it.

Cant it —  began Mrs. Weasley with an appealing look at Bill.

Wait said Bill. Not unless youd rather the Death Eaters took it

Nobody spoke. Lupin and Bill said good-bye and left.

The rest of them now dropped into chairs all except for Harry who remained standing. The suddenness and completeness of death was with them like a presence.

Ive got to go too said Harry.

Ten pairs of startled eyes looked at him.

Dont be silly Harry said Mrs. Weasley. What are you talking about

I cant stay here.

He rubbed his forehead; it was prickling again it had not hurt like this for more than a year.

Youre all in danger while Im here. I dont want —

But dont be so silly said Mrs. Weasley. The whole point of tonight was to get you here safely and thank goodness it worked. And Fleurs agreed to get married here rather than in France weve arranged everything so that we can all stay together and look after you —

She did not understand; she was making him feel worse not better.

If Voldemort finds out Im here —

But why should he asked Mrs. Weasley.

There are a dozen places you might be now Harry said Mr. Weasley. Hes got no way of knowing which safe house youre in.

Its not me Im worried for said Harry.

We know that said Mr. Weasley quietly but it would make our efforts tonight seem rather pointless if you left.

Yer not goin anywhere growled Hagrid. Blimey Harry after all we wen through ter get you here

Yeah what about my bleeding ear said George hoisting himself up on his cushions.

I know that —

Mad-Eye wouldnt want —

I KNOW Harry bellowed.

He felt beleaguered and blackmailed: Did they think he did not know what they had done for him didnt they understand that it was for precisely that reason that he wanted to go now before they had to suffer any more on his behalf There was a long and awkward silence in which his scar continued to prickle and throb and which was broken at last by Mrs. Weasley.

Wheres Hedwig Harry she said coaxingly. We can put her up with Pigwidgeon and give her something to eat.

His insides clenched like a fist. He could not tell her the truth. He drank the last of his firewhisky to avoid answering.

Wait till it gets out yeh did it again Harry said Hagrid. Escaped him fought him off when he was right on top of yeh

It wasnt me said Harry flatly. It was my wand. My wand acted of its own accord.

After a few moments Hermione said gently But thats impossible Harry. You mean that you did magic without meaning to; you reacted instinctively.

No said Harry. The bike was falling I couldnt have told you where Voldemort was but my wand spun in my hand and found him and shot a spell at him and it wasnt even a spell I recognized. Ive never made gold flames appear before.

Often said Mr. Weasley when youre in a pressured situation you can produce magic you never dreamed of. Small children often find before theyre trained —

It wasnt like that said Harry through gritted teeth. His scar was burning: He felt angry and frustrated; he hated the idea that they were all imagining him to have power to match Voldemorts.

No one said anything. He knew that they did not believe him. Now that he came to think of it he had never heard of a wand performing magic on its own before.

His scar seared with pain; it was all he could do not to moan aloud. Muttering about fresh air he set down his glass and left the room.

As he crossed the dark yard the great skeletal thestral looked up rustled its enormous batlike wings then resumed its grazing. Harry stopped at the gate into the garden staring out at its overgrown plants rubbing his pounding forehead and thinking of Dumbledore.

Dumbledore would have believed him he knew it. Dumbledore would have known how and why Harrys wand had acted independently because Dumbledore always had the answers; he had known about wands had explained to Harry the strange connection that existed between his wand and Voldemorts . . . But Dumbledore like Mad-Eye like Sirius like his parents like his poor owl all were gone where Harry could never talk to them again. He felt a burning in his throat that had nothing to do with firewhisky. . . .

And then out of nowhere the pain in his scar peaked. As he clutched his forehead and closed his eyes a voice screamed inside his head.

You told me the problem would be solved by using anothers wand

And into his mind burst the vision of an emaciated old man lying in rags upon a stone floor screaming a horrible drawn-out scream a scream of unendurable agony. . . .

No No I beg you I beg you. . . .

You lied to Lord Voldemort Ollivander

I did not. . . . I swear I did not. . . .

You sought to help Potter to help him escape me

I swear I did not . . . I believed a different wand would work. . . .

Explain then what happened. Luciuss wand is destroyed

I cannot understand . . . The connection . . . exists only . . . between your two wands. . . .

Lies

Please . . . I beg you. . . .

And Harry saw the white hand raise its wand and felt Voldemorts surge of vicious anger saw the frail old man on the floor writhe in agony —

Harry

It was over as quickly as it had come: Harry stood shaking in the darkness clutching the gate into the garden his heart racing his scar still tingling. It was several moments before he realized that Ron and Hermione were at his side.

Harry come back in the house Hermione whispered. You arent still thinking of leaving

Yeah youve got to stay mate said Ron thumping Harry on the back.

Are you all right Hermione asked close enough now to look into Harrys face. You look awful

Well said Harry shakily I probably look better than Ollivander. . . .

When he had finished telling them what he had seen Ron looked appalled but Hermione downright terrified.

But it was supposed to have stopped Your scar — it wasnt supposed to do this anymore You mustnt let that connection open up again — Dumbledore wanted you to close your mind

When he did not reply she gripped his arm.

Harry hes taking over the Ministry and the newspapers and half the Wizarding world Dont let him inside your head too




