




THE GHOUL IN PAJAMAS




The shock of losing Mad-Eye hung over the house in the days that followed; Harry kept expecting to see him stumping in through the back door like the other Order members who passed in and out to relay news. Harry felt that nothing but action would assuage his feelings of guilt and grief and that he ought to set out on his mission to find and destroy Horcruxes as soon as possible.

Well you cant do anything about the — Ron mouthed the word Horcruxes — till youre seventeen. Youve still got the Trace on you. And we can plan here as well as anywhere cant we Or he dropped his voice to a whisper dyou reckon you already know where the You-Know-Whats are

No Harry admitted.

I think Hermiones been doing a bit of research said Ron. She said she was saving it for when you got here.

They were sitting at the breakfast table; Mr. Weasley and Bill had just left for work. Mrs. Weasley had gone upstairs to wake Hermione and Ginny while Fleur had drifted off to take a bath.

The Tracell break on the thirty-first said Harry. That means I only need to stay here four days. Then I can —

Five days Ron corrected him firmly. Weve got to stay for the wedding. Theyll kill us if we miss it.

Harry understood they to mean Fleur and Mrs. Weasley.

Its one extra day said Ron when Harry looked mutinous.

Dont they realize how important — 

Course they dont said Ron. They havent got a clue. And now you mention it I wanted to talk to you about that.

Ron glanced toward the door into the hall to check that Mrs. Weasley was not returning yet then leaned in closer to Harry.

Mums been trying to get it out of Hermione and me. What were off to do. Shell try you next so brace yourself. Dad and Lupinve both asked as well but when we said Dumbledore told you not to tell anyone except us they dropped it. Not Mum though. Shes determined.

Rons prediction came true within hours. Shortly before lunch Mrs. Weasley detached Harry from the others by asking him to help identify a lone mans sock that she thought might have come out of his rucksack. Once she had him cornered in the tiny scullery off the kitchen she started.

Ron and Hermione seem to think that the three of you are dropping out of Hogwarts she began in a light casual tone.

Oh said Harry. Well yeah. We are.

The mangle turned of its own accord in a corner wringing out what looked like one of Mr. Weasleys vests.

May I ask why you are abandoning your education said Mrs. Weasley.

Well Dumbledore left me . . . stuff to do mumbled Harry. Ron and Hermione know about it and they want to come too.

What sort of ‘stuff

Im sorry I cant —

Well frankly I think Arthur and I have a right to know and Im sure Mr. and Mrs. Granger would agree said Mrs. Weasley. Harry had been afraid of the concerned parent attack. He forced himself to look directly into her eyes noticing as he did so that they were precisely the same shade of brown as Ginnys. This did not help.

Dumbledore didnt want anyone else to know Mrs. Weasley. Im sorry. Ron and Hermione dont have to come its their choice —

I dont see that you have to go either she snapped dropping all pretense now. Youre barely of age any of you Its utter nonsense if Dumbledore needed work doing he had the whole Order at his command Harry you must have misunderstood him. Probably he was telling you something he wanted done and you took it to mean that he wanted you —

I didnt misunderstand said Harry flatly. Its got to be me.

He handed her back the single sock he was supposed to be identifying which was patterned with golden bulrushes.

And thats not mine I dont support Puddlemere United.

Oh of course not said Mrs. Weasley with a sudden and rather unnerving return to her casual tone. I should have realized. Well Harry while weve still got you here you wont mind helping with the preparations for Bill and Fleurs wedding will you Theres still so much to do.

No — I — of course not said Harry disconcerted by this sudden change of subject.

Sweet of you she replied and she smiled as she left the scullery.

From that moment on Mrs. Weasley kept Harry Ron and Hermione so busy with preparations for the wedding that they hardly had any time to think. The kindest explanation of this behavior would have been that Mrs. Weasley wanted to distract them all from thoughts of Mad-Eye and the terrors of their recent journey. After two days of nonstop cutlery cleaning of color-matching favors ribbons and flowers of de-gnoming the garden and helping Mrs. Weasley cook vast batches of canapés however Harry started to suspect her of a different motive. All the jobs she handed out seemed to keep him Ron and Hermione away from one another; he had not had a chance to speak to the two of them alone since the first night when he had told them about Voldemort torturing Ollivander.

I think Mum thinks that if she can stop the three of you getting together and planning shell be able to delay you leaving Ginny told Harry in an undertone as they laid the table for dinner on the third night of his stay.

And then what does she thinks going to happen Harry muttered. Someone else might kill off Voldemort while shes holding us here making vol-au-vents

He had spoken without thinking and saw Ginnys face whiten.

So its true she said. Thats what youre trying to do

I — not — I was joking said Harry evasively.

They stared at each other and there was something more than shock in Ginnys expression. Suddenly Harry became aware that this was the first time that he had been alone with her since those stolen hours in secluded corners of the Hogwarts grounds. He was sure she was remembering them too. Both of them jumped as the door opened and Mr. Weasley Kingsley and Bill walked in.

They were often joined by other Order members for dinner now because the Burrow had replaced number twelve Grimmauld Place as the headquarters. Mr. Weasley had explained that after the death of Dumbledore their Secret-Keeper each of the people to whom Dumbledore had confided Grimmauld Places location had become a Secret-Keeper in turn.

And as there are around twenty of us that greatly dilutes the power of the Fidelius Charm. Twenty times as many opportunities for the Death Eaters to get the secret out of somebody. We cant expect it to hold much longer.

But surely Snape will have told the Death Eaters the address by now asked Harry.

Well Mad-Eye set up a couple of curses against Snape in case he turns up there again. We hope theyll be strong enough both to keep him out and to bind his tongue if he tries to talk about the place but we cant be sure. It would have been insane to keep using the place as headquarters now that its protection has become so shaky.

The kitchen was so crowded that evening it was difficult to maneuver knives and forks. Harry found himself crammed beside Ginny; the unsaid things that had just passed between them made him wish they had been separated by a few more people. He was trying so hard to avoid brushing her arm he could barely cut his chicken.

No news about Mad-Eye Harry asked Bill.

Nothing replied Bill.

They had not been able to hold a funeral for Moody because Bill and Lupin had failed to recover his body. It had been difficult to know where he might have fallen given the darkness and the confusion of the battle.

The Daily Prophet hasnt said a word about him dying or about finding the body Bill went on. But that doesnt mean much. Its keeping a lot quiet these days.

And they still havent called a hearing about all the underage magic I used escaping the Death Eaters Harry called across the table to Mr. Weasley who shook his head.

Because they know I had no choice or because they dont want me to tell the world Voldemort attacked me

The latter I think. Scrimgeour doesnt want to admit that You-Know-Who is as powerful as he is nor that Azkabans seen a mass breakout.

Yeah why tell the public the truth said Harry clenching his knife so tightly that the faint scars on the back of his right hand stood out white against his skin: I must not tell lies.

Isnt anyone at the Ministry prepared to stand up to him asked Ron angrily.

Of course Ron but people are terrified Mr. Weasley replied terrified that they will be next to disappear their children the next to be attacked There are nasty rumors going around; I for one dont believe the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts resigned. She hasnt been seen for weeks now. Meanwhile Scrimgeour remains shut up in his office all day: I just hope hes working on a plan.

There was a pause in which Mrs. Weasley magicked the empty plates onto the work surface and served apple tart.

We must decide ow you will be disguised Arry said Fleur once everyone had pudding. For ze wedding she added when he looked confused. Of course none of our guests are Death Eaters but we cannot guarantee zat zey will not let something slip after zey ave ad champagne.

From this Harry gathered that she still suspected Hagrid.

Yes good point said Mrs. Weasley from the top of the table where she sat spectacles perched on the end of her nose scanning an immense list of jobs that she had scribbled on a very long piece of parchment. Now Ron have you cleaned out your room yet

Why exclaimed Ron slamming his spoon down and glaring at his mother. Why does my room have to be cleaned out Harry and I are fine with it the way it is

We are holding your brothers wedding here in a few days time young man —

And are they getting married in my bedroom asked Ron furiously. No So why in the name of Merlins saggy left —

Dont talk to your mother like that said Mr. Weasley firmly. And do as youre told.

Ron scowled at both his parents then picked up his spoon and attacked the last few mouthfuls of his apple tart.

I can help some of its my mess Harry told Ron but Mrs. Weasley cut across him.

No Harry dear Id much rather you helped Arthur muck out the chickens and Hermione Id be ever so grateful if youd change the sheets for Monsieur and Madame Delacour; you know theyre arriving at eleven tomorrow morning.

But as it turned out there was very little to do for the chickens.

Theres no need to er mention it to Molly Mr. Weasley told Harry blocking his access to the coop but er Ted Tonks sent me most of what was left of Siriuss bike and er Im hiding — thats to say keeping — it in here. Fantastic stuff: Theres an exhaust gaskin as I believe its called the most magnificent battery and itll be a great opportunity to find out how brakes work. Im going to try and put it all back together again when Mollys not — I mean when Ive got time.

When they returned to the house Mrs. Weasley was nowhere to be seen so Harry slipped upstairs to Rons attic bedroom.

Im doing it Im doing —  Oh its you said Ron in relief as Harry entered the room. Ron lay back down on the bed which he had evidently just vacated. The room was just as messy as it had been all week; the only change was that Hermione was now sitting in the far corner her fluffy ginger cat Crookshanks at her feet sorting books some of which Harry recognized as his own into two enormous piles.

Hi Harry she said as he sat down on his camp bed.

And how did you manage to get away

Oh Rons mum forgot that she asked Ginny and me to change the sheets yesterday said Hermione. She threw Numerology and Grammatica onto one pile and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts onto the other.

We were just talking about Mad-Eye Ron told Harry. I reckon he might have survived.

But Bill saw him hit by the Killing Curse said Harry.

Yeah but Bill was under attack too said Ron. How can he be sure what he saw

Even if the Killing Curse missed Mad-Eye still fell about a thousand feet said Hermione now weighing Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland in her hand.

He could have used a Shield Charm —

Fleur said his wand was blasted out of his hand said Harry.

Well all right if you want him to be dead said Ron grumpily punching his pillow into a more comfortable shape.

Of course we dont want him to be dead said Hermione looking shocked. Its dreadful that hes dead But were being realistic

For the first time Harry imagined Mad-Eyes body broken as Dumbledores had been yet with that one eye still whizzing in its socket. He felt a stab of revulsion mixed with a bizarre desire to laugh.

The Death Eaters probably tidied up after themselves thats why no ones found him said Ron wisely.

Yeah said Harry. Like Barty Crouch turned into a bone and buried in Hagrids front garden. They probably transfigured Moody and stuffed him —

Dont squealed Hermione. Startled Harry looked over just in time to see her burst into tears over her copy of Spellmans Syllabary.

Oh no said Harry struggling to get up from the old camp bed. Hermione I wasnt trying to upset —

But with a great creaking of rusty bedsprings Ron bounded off the bed and got there first. One arm around Hermione he fished in his jeans pocket and withdrew a revolting-looking handkerchief that he had used to clean out the oven earlier. Hastily pulling out his wand he pointed it at the rag and said Tergeo.

The wand siphoned off most of the grease. Looking rather pleased with himself Ron handed the slightly smoking handkerchief to Hermione.

Oh . . . thanks Ron. . . . Im sorry. . . . She blew her nose and hiccuped. Its just so awf-ful isnt it R-right after Dumbledore . . . I j-just n-never imagined Mad-Eye dying somehow he seemed so tough

Yeah I know said Ron giving her a squeeze. But you know what hed say to us if he was here

‘C-constant vigilance said Hermione mopping her eyes.

Thats right said Ron nodding. Hed tell us to learn from what happened to him. And what Ive learned is not to trust that cowardly little squit Mundungus.

Hermione gave a shaky laugh and leaned forward to pick up two more books. A second later Ron had snatched his arm back from around her shoulders; she had dropped The Monster Book of Monsters on his foot. The book had broken free from its restraining belt and snapped viciously at Rons ankle.

Im sorry Im sorry Hermione cried as Harry wrenched the book from Rons leg and retied it shut.

What are you doing with all those books anyway Ron asked limping back to his bed.

Just trying to decide which ones to take with us said Hermione. When were looking for the Horcruxes.

Oh of course said Ron clapping a hand to his forehead. I forgot well be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library.

Ha ha said Hermione looking down at Spellmans Syllabary. I wonder . . . will we need to translate runes Its possible. . . . I think wed better take it to be safe.

She dropped the syllabary onto the larger of the two piles and picked up Hogwarts: A History.

Listen said Harry.

He had sat up straight. Ron and Hermione looked at him with similar mixtures of resignation and defiance.

I know you said after Dumbledores funeral that you wanted to come with me Harry began.

Here he goes Ron said to Hermione rolling his eyes.

As we knew he would she sighed turning back to the books. You know I think I will take Hogwarts: A History. Even if were not going back there I dont think Id feel right if I didnt have it with —

Listen said Harry again.

No Harry you listen said Hermione. Were coming with you. That was decided months ago — years really.

But —

Shut up Ron advised him.

— are you sure youve thought this through Harry persisted.

Lets see said Hermione slamming Travels with Trolls onto the discarded pile with a rather fierce look. Ive been packing for days so were ready to leave at a moments notice which for your information has included doing some pretty difficult magic not to mention smuggling Mad-Eyes whole stock of Polyjuice Potion right under Rons mums nose.

Ive also modified my parents memories so that theyre convinced theyre really called Wendell and Monica Wilkins and that their lifes ambition is to move to Australia which they have now done. Thats to make it more difficult for Voldemort to track them down and interrogate them about me — or you because unfortunately Ive told them quite a bit about you.

Assuming I survive our hunt for the Horcruxes Ill find Mum and Dad and lift the enchantment. If I dont — well I think Ive cast a good enough charm to keep them safe and happy. Wendell and Monica Wilkins dont know that theyve got a daughter you see.

Hermiones eyes were swimming with tears again. Ron got back off the bed put his arm around her once more and frowned at Harry as though reproaching him for lack of tact. Harry could not think of anything to say not least because it was highly unusual for Ron to be teaching anyone else tact.

I — Hermione Im sorry — I didnt —

Didnt realize that Ron and I know perfectly well what might happen if we come with you Well we do. Ron show Harry what youve done.

Nah hes just eaten said Ron.

Go on he needs to know

Oh all right. Harry come here.

For the second time Ron withdrew his arm from around Hermione and stumped over to the door.

Cmon.

Why Harry asked following Ron out of the room onto the tiny landing.

Descendo muttered Ron pointing his wand at the low ceiling. A hatch opened right over their heads and a ladder slid down to their feet. A horrible half-sucking half-moaning sound came out of the square hole along with an unpleasant smell like open drains.

Thats your ghoul isnt it asked Harry who had never actually met the creature that sometimes disrupted the nightly silence.

Yeah it is said Ron climbing the ladder. Come and have a look at him.

Harry followed Ron up the few short steps into the tiny attic space. His head and shoulders were in the room before he caught sight of the creature curled up a few feet from him fast asleep in the gloom with its large mouth wide open.

But it . . . it looks . . . do ghouls normally wear pajamas

No said Ron. Nor have they usually got red hair or that number of pustules.

Harry contemplated the thing slightly revolted. It was human in shape and size and was wearing what now that Harrys eyes became used to the darkness was clearly an old pair of Rons pajamas. He was also sure that ghouls were generally rather slimy and bald rather than distinctly hairy and covered in angry purple blisters.

Hes me see said Ron.

No said Harry. I dont.

Ill explain it back in my room the smells getting to me said Ron. They climbed back down the ladder which Ron returned to the ceiling and rejoined Hermione who was still sorting books.

Once weve left the ghouls going to come and live down here in my room said Ron. I think hes really looking forward to it — well its hard to tell because all he can do is moan and drool — but he nods a lot when you mention it. Anyway hes going to be me with spattergroit. Good eh

Harry merely looked his confusion.

It is said Ron clearly frustrated that Harry had not grasped the brilliance of the plan. Look when we three dont turn up at Hogwarts again everyones going to think Hermione and I must be with you right Which means the Death Eaters will go straight for our families to see if theyve got information on where you are.

But hopefully itll look like Ive gone away with Mum and Dad; a lot of Muggle-borns are talking about going into hiding at the moment said Hermione.

We cant hide my whole family itll look too fishy and they cant all leave their jobs said Ron. So were going to put out the story that Im seriously ill with spattergroit which is why I cant go back to school. If anyone comes calling to investigate Mum or Dad can show them the ghoul in my bed covered in pustules. Spattergroits really contagious so theyre not going to want to go near him. It wont matter that he cant say anything either because apparently you cant once the fungus has spread to your uvula.

And your mum and dad are in on this plan asked Harry.

Dad is. He helped Fred and George transform the ghoul. Mum . . . well youve seen what shes like. She wont accept were going till weve gone.

There was silence in the room broken only by gentle thuds as Hermione continued to throw books onto one pile or the other. Ron sat watching her and Harry looked from one to the other unable to say anything. The measures they had taken to protect their families made him realize more than anything else could have done that they really were going to come with him and that they knew exactly how dangerous that would be. He wanted to tell them what that meant to him but he simply could not find words important enough.

Through the silence came the muffled sounds of Mrs. Weasley shouting from four floors below.

Ginnys probably left a speck of dust on a poxy napkin ring said Ron. I dunno why the Delacours have got to come two days before the wedding.

Fleurs sisters a bridesmaid she needs to be here for the rehearsal and shes too young to come on her own said Hermione as she pored indecisively over Break with a Banshee.

Well guests arent going to help Mums stress levels said Ron.

What we really need to decide said Hermione tossing Defensive Magical Theory into the bin without a second glance and picking up An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe is where were going after we leave here. I know you said you wanted to go to Godrics Hollow first Harry and I understand why but . . . well . . . shouldnt we make the Horcruxes our priority

If we knew where any of the Horcruxes were Id agree with you said Harry who did not believe that Hermione really understood his desire to return to Godrics Hollow. His parents graves were only part of the attraction: He had a strong though inexplicable feeling that the place held answers for him. Perhaps it was simply because it was there that he had survived Voldemorts Killing Curse; now that he was facing the challenge of repeating the feat Harry was drawn to the place where it had happened wanting to understand.

Dont you think theres a possibility that Voldemorts keeping a watch on Godrics Hollow Hermione asked. He might expect you to go back and visit your parents graves once youre free to go wherever you like

This had not occurred to Harry. While he struggled to find a counterargument Ron spoke up evidently following his own train of thought.

This R.A.B. person he said. You know the one who stole the real locket

Hermione nodded.

He said in his note he was going to destroy it didnt he

Harry dragged his rucksack toward him and pulled out the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B.s note was still folded.

‘I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can Harry read out.

Well what if he did finish it off said Ron.

Or she interposed Hermione.

Whichever said Ron itd be one less for us to do

Yes but were still going to have to try and trace the real locket arent we said Hermione to find out whether or not its destroyed.

And once we get hold of it how do you destroy a Horcrux asked Ron.

Well said Hermione Ive been researching that.

How asked Harry. I didnt think there were any books on Horcruxes in the library

There werent said Hermione who had turned pink. Dumbledore removed them all but he — he didnt destroy them.

Ron sat up straight wide-eyed.

How in the name of Merlins pants have you managed to get your hands on those Horcrux books

It — it wasnt stealing said Hermione looking from Harry to Ron with a kind of desperation. They were still library books even if Dumbledore had taken them off the shelves. Anyway if he really didnt want anyone to get at them Im sure he would have made it much harder to —

Get to the point said Ron.

Well . . . it was easy said Hermione in a small voice. I just did a Summoning Charm. You know — Accio. And — they zoomed out of Dumbledores study window right into the girls dormitory.

But when did you do this Harry asked regarding Hermione with a mixture of admiration and incredulity.

Just after his — Dumbledores — funeral said Hermione in an even smaller voice. Right after we agreed wed leave school and go and look for the Horcruxes. When I went back upstairs to get my things it — it just occurred to me that the more we knew about them the better it would be . . . and I was alone in there . . . so I tried . . . and it worked. They flew straight in through the open window and I — I packed them.

She swallowed and then said imploringly I cant believe Dumbledore would have been angry its not as though were going to use the information to make a Horcrux is it

Can you hear us complaining said Ron. Where are these books anyway

Hermione rummaged for a moment and then extracted from the pile a large volume bound in faded black leather. She looked a little nauseated and held it as gingerly as if it were something recently dead.

This is the one that gives explicit instructions on how to make a Horcrux. Secrets of the Darkest Art — its a horrible book really awful full of evil magic. I wonder when Dumbledore removed it from the library. . . . If he didnt do it until he was headmaster I bet Voldemort got all the instruction he needed from here.

Why did he have to ask Slughorn how to make a Horcrux then if hed already read that asked Ron.

He only approached Slughorn to find out what would happen if you split your soul into seven said Harry. Dumbledore was sure Riddle already knew how to make a Horcrux by the time he asked Slughorn about them. I think youre right Hermione that could easily have been where he got the information.

And the more Ive read about them said Hermione the more horrible they seem and the less I can believe that he actually made six. It warns in this book how unstable you make the rest of your soul by ripping it and thats just by making one Horcrux

Harry remembered what Dumbledore had said about Voldemort moving beyond usual evil.

Isnt there any way of putting yourself back together Ron asked.

Yes said Hermione with a hollow smile but it would be excruciatingly painful.

Why How do you do it asked Harry.

Remorse said Hermione. Youve got to really feel what youve done. Theres a footnote. Apparently the pain of it can destroy you. I cant see Voldemort attempting it somehow can you

No said Ron before Harry could answer. So does it say how to destroy Horcruxes in that book

Yes said Hermione now turning the fragile pages as if examining rotting entrails because it warns Dark wizards how strong they have to make the enchantments on them. From all that Ive read what Harry did to Riddles diary was one of the few really foolproof ways of destroying a Horcrux.

What stabbing it with a basilisk fang asked Harry.

Oh well lucky weve got such a large supply of basilisk fangs then said Ron. I was wondering what we were going to do with them.

It doesnt have to be a basilisk fang said Hermione patiently. It has to be something so destructive that the Horcrux cant repair itself. Basilisk venom only has one antidote and its incredibly rare —

— phoenix tears said Harry nodding.

Exactly said Hermione. Our problem is that there are very few substances as destructive as basilisk venom and theyre all dangerous to carry around with you. Thats a problem were going to have to solve though because ripping smashing or crushing a Horcrux wont do the trick. Youve got to put it beyond magical repair.

But even if we wreck the thing it lives in said Ron why cant the bit of soul in it just go and live in something else

Because a Horcrux is the complete opposite of a human being.

Seeing that Harry and Ron looked thoroughly confused Hermione hurried on Look if I picked up a sword right now Ron and ran you through with it I wouldnt damage your soul at all.

Which would be a real comfort to me Im sure said Ron. Harry laughed.

It should be actually But my point is that whatever happens to your body your soul will survive untouched said Hermione. But its the other way round with a Horcrux. The fragment of soul inside it depends on its container its enchanted body for survival. It cant exist without it.

That diary sort of died when I stabbed it said Harry remembering ink pouring like blood from the punctured pages and the screams of the piece of Voldemorts soul as it vanished.

And once the diary was properly destroyed the bit of soul trapped in it could no longer exist. Ginny tried to get rid of the diary before you did flushing it away but obviously it came back good as new.

Hang on said Ron frowning. The bit of soul in that diary was possessing Ginny wasnt it How does that work then

While the magical container is still intact the bit of soul inside it can flit in and out of someone if they get too close to the object. I dont mean holding it for too long its nothing to do with touching it she added before Ron could speak. I mean close emotionally. Ginny poured her heart out into that diary she made herself incredibly vulnerable. Youre in trouble if you get too fond of or dependent on the Horcrux.

I wonder how Dumbledore destroyed the ring said Harry. Why didnt I ask him I never really . . .

His voice tailed away: He was thinking of all the things he should have asked Dumbledore and of how since the headmaster had died it seemed to Harry that he had wasted so many opportunities when Dumbledore had been alive to find out more . . . to find out everything. . . .

The silence was shattered as the bedroom door flew open with a wall-shaking crash. Hermione shrieked and dropped Secrets of the Darkest Art; Crookshanks streaked under the bed hissing indignantly; Ron jumped off the bed skidded on a discarded Chocolate Frog wrapper and smacked his head on the opposite wall; and Harry instinctively dived for his wand before realizing that he was looking up at Mrs. Weasley whose hair was disheveled and whose face was contorted with rage.

Im so sorry to break up this cozy little gathering she said her voice trembling. Im sure you all need your rest . . . but there are wedding presents stacked in my room that need sorting out and I was under the impression that you had agreed to help.

Oh yes said Hermione looking terrified as she leapt to her feet sending books flying in every direction we will . . . were sorry . . .

With an anguished look at Harry and Ron Hermione hurried out of the room after Mrs. Weasley.

Its like being a house-elf complained Ron in an undertone still massaging his head as he and Harry followed. Except without the job satisfaction. The sooner this weddings over the happier Ill be.

Yeah said Harry then well have nothing to do except find Horcruxes. . . . Itll be like a holiday wont it

Ron started to laugh but at the sight of the enormous pile of wedding presents waiting for them in Mrs. Weasleys room stopped quite abruptly.

The Delacours arrived the following morning at eleven oclock. Harry Ron Hermione and Ginny were feeling quite resentful toward Fleurs family by this time and it was with ill grace that Ron stumped back upstairs to put on matching socks and Harry attempted to flatten his hair. Once they had all been deemed smart enough they trooped out into the sunny backyard to await the visitors.

Harry had never seen the place looking so tidy. The rusty cauldrons and old Wellington boots that usually littered the steps by the back door were gone replaced by two new Flutterby bushes standing either side of the door in large pots; though there was no breeze the leaves waved lazily giving an attractive rippling effect. The chickens had been shut away the yard had been swept and the nearby garden had been pruned plucked and generally spruced up although Harry who liked it in its overgrown state thought that it looked rather forlorn without its usual contingent of capering gnomes.

He had lost track of how many security enchantments had been placed upon the Burrow by both the Order and the Ministry; all he knew was that it was no longer possible for anybody to travel by magic directly into the place. Mr. Weasley had therefore gone to meet the Delacours on top of a nearby hill where they were to arrive by Portkey. The first sound of their approach was an unusually high-pitched laugh which turned out to be coming from Mr. Weasley who appeared at the gate moments later laden with luggage and leading a beautiful blonde woman in long leaf-green robes who could only be Fleurs mother.

Maman cried Fleur rushing forward to embrace her. Papa

Monsieur Delacour was nowhere near as attractive as his wife; he was a head shorter and extremely plump with a little pointed black beard. However he looked good-natured. Bouncing toward Mrs. Weasley on high-heeled boots he kissed her twice on each cheek leaving her flustered.

You ave been to much trouble he said in a deep voice. Fleur tells us you ave been working very ard.

Oh its been nothing nothing trilled Mrs. Weasley. No trouble at all

Ron relieved his feelings by aiming a kick at a gnome who was peering out from behind one of the new Flutterby bushes.

Dear lady said Monsieur Delacour still holding Mrs. Weasleys hand between his own two plump ones and beaming. We are most honored at the approaching union of our two families Let me present my wife Apolline.

Madame Delacour glided forward and stooped to kiss Mrs. Weasley too.

Enchantée she said. Your usband as been telling us such amusing stories

Mr. Weasley gave a maniacal laugh; Mrs. Weasley threw him a look upon which he became immediately silent and assumed an expression appropriate to the sickbed of a close friend.

And of course you ave met my leetle daughter Gabrielle said Monsieur Delacour. Gabrielle was Fleur in miniature; eleven years old with waist-length hair of pure silvery blonde she gave Mrs. Weasley a dazzling smile and hugged her then threw Harry a glowing look batting her eyelashes. Ginny cleared her throat loudly.

Well come in do said Mrs. Weasley brightly and she ushered the Delacours into the house with many No pleases and After yous and Not at alls.

The Delacours it soon transpired were helpful pleasant guests. They were pleased with everything and keen to assist with the preparations for the wedding. Monsieur Delacour pronounced everything from the seating plan to the bridesmaids shoes Charmant Madame Delacour was most accomplished at household spells and had the oven properly cleaned in a trice; Gabrielle followed her elder sister around trying to assist in any way she could and jabbering away in rapid French.

On the downside the Burrow was not built to accommodate so many people. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were now sleeping in the sitting room having shouted down Monsieur and Madame Delacours protests and insisted they take their bedroom. Gabrielle was sleeping with Fleur in Percys old room and Bill would be sharing with Charlie his best man once Charlie arrived from Romania. Opportunities to make plans together became virtually nonexistent and it was in desperation that Harry Ron and Hermione took to volunteering to feed the chickens just to escape the overcrowded house.

But she still wont leave us alone snarled Ron as their second attempt at a meeting in the yard was foiled by the appearance of Mrs. Weasley carrying a large basket of laundry in her arms.

Oh good youve fed the chickens she called as she approached them. Wed better shut them away again before the men arrive tomorrow . . . to put up the tent for the wedding she explained pausing to lean against the henhouse. She looked exhausted. Millamants Magic Marquees . . . theyre very good Bills escorting them. . . . Youd better stay inside while theyre here Harry. I must say it does complicate organizing a wedding having all these security spells around the place.

Im sorry said Harry humbly.

Oh dont be silly dear said Mrs. Weasley at once. I didnt mean — well your safetys much more important Actually Ive been wanting to ask you how you want to celebrate your birthday Harry. Seventeen after all its an important day. . . .

I dont want a fuss said Harry quickly envisaging the additional strain this would put on them all. Really Mrs. Weasley just a normal dinner would be fine. . . . Its the day before the wedding. . . .

Oh well if youre sure dear. Ill invite Remus and Tonks shall I And how about Hagrid

Thatd be great said Harry. But please dont go to loads of trouble.

Not at all not at all . . . Its no trouble. . . .

She looked at him a long searching look then smiled a little sadly straightened up and walked away. Harry watched as she waved her wand near the washing line and the damp clothes rose into the air to hang themselves up and suddenly he felt a great wave of remorse for the inconvenience and the pain he was giving her.




