




XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD




Harry had not expected Hermiones anger to abate overnight and was therefore unsurprised that she communicated mainly by dirty looks and pointed silences the next morning. Ron responded by maintaining an unnaturally somber demeanor in her presence as an outward sign of continuing remorse. In fact when all three of them were together Harry felt like the only non-mourner at a poorly attended funeral. During those few moments he spent alone with Harry however (collecting water and searching the undergrowth for mushrooms) Ron became shamelessly cheery.

Someone helped us he kept saying. Someone sent that doe. Someones on our side. One Horcrux down mate

Bolstered by the destruction of the locket they set to debating the possible locations of the other Horcruxes and even though they had discussed the matter so often before Harry felt optimistic certain that more breakthroughs would succeed the first. Hermiones sulkiness could not mar his buoyant spirits: The sudden upswing in their fortunes the appearance of the mysterious doe the recovery of Gryffindors sword and above all Rons return made Harry so happy that it was quite difficult to maintain a straight face.

Late in the afternoon he and Ron escaped Hermiones baleful presence again and under the pretense of scouring the bare hedges for nonexistent blackberries they continued their ongoing exchange of news. Harry had finally managed to tell Ron the whole story of his and Hermiones various wanderings right up to the full story of what had happened at Godrics Hollow; Ron was now filling Harry in on everything he had discovered about the wider Wizarding world during his weeks away.

. . . and how did you find out about the Taboo he asked Harry after explaining the many desperate attempts of Muggle-borns to evade the Ministry.

The what

You and Hermione have stopped saying You-Know-Whos name

Oh yeah. Well its just a bad habit weve slipped into said Harry. But I havent got a problem calling him V —

NO roared Ron causing Harry to jump into the hedge and Hermione (nose buried in a book at the tent entrance) to scowl over at them. Sorry said Ron wrenching Harry back out of the brambles but the names been jinxed Harry thats how they track people Using his name breaks protective enchantments it causes some kind of magical disturbance — its how they found us in Tottenham Court Road

Because we used his name

Exactly Youve got to give them credit it makes sense. It was only people who were serious about standing up to him like Dumbledore who ever dared use it. Now theyve put a Taboo on it anyone who says it is trackable — quick-and-easy way to find Order members They nearly got Kingsley —

Youre kidding

Yeah a bunch of Death Eaters cornered him Bill said but he fought his way out. Hes on the run now just like us. Ron scratched his chin thoughtfully with the end of his wand. You dont reckon Kingsley could have sent that doe

His Patronus is a lynx we saw it at the wedding remember

Oh yeah . . .

They moved farther along the hedge away from the tent and Hermione.

Harry . . . you dont reckon it couldve been Dumbledore

Dumbledore what

Ron looked a little embarrassed but said in a low voice Dumbledore . . . the doe I mean Ron was watching Harry out of the corners of his eyes he had the real sword last didnt he

Harry did not laugh at Ron because he understood too well the longing behind the question. The idea that Dumbledore had managed to come back to them that he was watching over them would have been inexpressibly comforting. He shook his head.

Dumbledores dead he said. I saw it happen I saw the body. Hes definitely gone. Anyway his Patronus was a phoenix not a doe.

Patronuses can change though cant they said Ron. Tonkss changed didnt it

Yeah but if Dumbledore was alive why wouldnt he show himself Why wouldnt he just hand us the sword

Search me said Ron. Same reason he didnt give it to you while he was alive Same reason he left you an old Snitch and Hermione a book of kids stories

Which is what asked Harry turning to look Ron full in the face desperate for the answer.

I dunno said Ron. Sometimes Ive thought when Ive been a bit hacked off he was having a laugh or — or he just wanted to make it more difficult. But I dont think so not anymore. He knew what he was doing when he gave me the Deluminator didnt he He — well Rons ears turned bright red and he became engrossed in a tuft of grass at his feet which he prodded with his toe he mustve known Id run out on you.

No Harry corrected him. He mustve known youd always want to come back.

Ron looked grateful but still awkward. Partly to change the subject Harry said Speaking of Dumbledore have you heard what Skeeter wrote about him

Oh yeah said Ron at once people are talking about it quite a lot. Course if things were different itd be huge news Dumbledore being pals with Grindelwald but now its just something to laugh about for people who didnt like Dumbledore and a bit of a slap in the face for everyone who thought he was such a good bloke. I dont know that its such a big deal though. He was really young when they —

Our age said Harry just as he had retorted to Hermione and something in his face seemed to decide Ron against pursuing the subject.

A large spider sat in the middle of a frosted web in the brambles. Harry took aim at it with the wand Ron had given him the previous night which Hermione had since condescended to examine and had decided was made of blackthorn.

Engorgio.

The spider gave a little shiver bouncing slightly in the web. Harry tried again. This time the spider grew slightly larger.

Stop that said Ron sharply. Im sorry I said Dumbledore was young okay

Harry had forgotten Rons hatred of spiders.

Sorry — Reducio.

The spider did not shrink. Harry looked down at the blackthorn wand. Every minor spell he had cast with it so far that day had seemed less powerful than those he had produced with his phoenix wand. The new one felt intrusively unfamiliar like having somebody elses hand sewn to the end of his arm.

You just need to practice said Hermione who had approached them noiselessly from behind and had stood watching anxiously as Harry tried to enlarge and reduce the spider. Its all a matter of confidence Harry.

He knew why she wanted it to be all right: She still felt guilty about breaking his wand. He bit back the retort that sprang to his lips that she could take the blackthorn wand if she thought it made no difference and he would have hers instead. Keen for them all to be friends again however he agreed; but when Ron gave Hermione a tentative smile she stalked off and vanished behind her book once more.

All three of them returned to the tent when darkness fell and Harry took first watch. Sitting in the entrance he tried to make the blackthorn wand levitate small stones at his feet; but his magic still seemed clumsier and less powerful than it had done before. Hermione was lying on her bunk reading while Ron after many nervous glances up at her had taken a small wooden wireless out of his rucksack and started to try and tune it.

Theres this one program he told Harry in a low voice that tells the news like it really is. All the others are on You-Know-Whos side and are following the Ministry line but this one . . . you wait till you hear it its great. Only they cant do it every night they have to keep changing locations in case theyre raided and you need a password to tune in. . . . Trouble is I missed the last one. . . .

He drummed lightly on the top of the radio with his wand muttering random words under his breath. He threw Hermione many covert glances plainly fearing an angry outburst but for all the notice she took of him he might not have been there. For ten minutes or so Ron tapped and muttered Hermione turned the pages of her book and Harry continued to practice with the blackthorn wand.

Finally Hermione climbed down from her bunk. Ron ceased his tapping at once.

If its annoying you Ill stop he told Hermione nervously.

Hermione did not deign to respond but approached Harry.

We need to talk she said.

He looked at the book still clutched in her hand. It was The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore.

What he said apprehensively. It flew through his mind that there was a chapter on him in there; he was not sure he felt up to hearing Ritas version of his relationship with Dumbledore. Hermiones answer however was completely unexpected.

I want to go and see Xenophilius Lovegood.

He stared at her.

Sorry

Xenophilius Lovegood. Lunas father. I want to go and talk to him

Er — why

She took a deep breath as though bracing herself and said Its that mark the mark in Beedle the Bard. Look at this

She thrust The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore under Harrys unwilling eyes and he saw a photograph of the original letter that Dumbledore had written Grindelwald with Dumbledores familiar thin slanting handwriting. He hated seeing absolute proof that Dumbledore really had written those words that they had not been Ritas invention.

The signature said Hermione. Look at the signature Harry

He obeyed. For a moment he had no idea what she was talking about but looking more closely with the aid of his lit wand he saw that Dumbledore had replaced the A of Albus with a tiny version of the same triangular mark inscribed upon The Tales of Beedle the Bard.

Er — what are you —  said Ron tentatively but Hermione quelled him with a look and turned back to Harry.

It keeps cropping up doesnt it she said. I know Viktor said it was Grindelwalds mark but it was definitely on that old grave in Godrics Hollow and the dates on the headstone were long before Grindelwald came along And now this Well we cant ask Dumbledore or Grindelwald what it means — I dont even know whether Grindelwalds still alive — but we can ask Mr. Lovegood. He was wearing the symbol at the wedding. Im sure this is important Harry

Harry did not answer immediately. He looked into her intense eager face and then out into the surrounding darkness thinking. After a long pause he said Hermione we dont need another Godrics Hollow. We talked ourselves into going there and —

But it keeps appearing Harry Dumbledore left me The Tales of Beedle the Bard how do you know were not supposed to find out about the sign

Here we go again Harry felt slightly exasperated. We keep trying to convince ourselves Dumbledore left us secret signs and clues —

The Deluminator turned out to be pretty useful piped up Ron. I think Hermiones right I think we ought to go and see Lovegood.

Harry threw him a dark look. He was quite sure that Rons support of Hermione had little to do with a desire to know the meaning of the triangular rune.

It wont be like Godrics Hollow Ron added Lovegoods on your side Harry The Quibblers been for you all along it keeps telling everyone theyve got to help you

Im sure this is important said Hermione earnestly.

But dont you think if it was Dumbledore would have told me about it before he died

Maybe . . . maybe its something you need to find out for yourself said Hermione with a faint air of clutching at straws.

Yeah said Ron sycophantically that makes sense.

No it doesnt snapped Hermione but I still think we ought to talk to Mr. Lovegood. A symbol that links Dumbledore Grindelwald and Godrics Hollow Harry Im sure we ought to know about this

I think we should vote on it said Ron. Those in favor of going to see Lovegood —

His hand flew into the air before Hermiones. Her lips quivered suspiciously as she raised her own.

Outvoted Harry sorry said Ron clapping him on the back.

Fine said Harry half amused half irritated. Only once weve seen Lovegood lets try and look for some more Horcruxes shall we Where do the Lovegoods live anyway Do either of you know

Yeah theyre not far from my place said Ron. I dunno exactly where but Mum and Dad always point toward the hills whenever they mention them. Shouldnt be hard to find.

When Hermione had returned to her bunk Harry lowered his voice.

You only agreed to try and get back in her good books.

Alls fair in love and war said Ron brightly and this is a bit of both. Cheer up its the Christmas holidays Lunall be home

They had an excellent view of the village of Ottery St. Catchpole from the breezy hillside to which they Disapparated next morning. From their high vantage point the village looked like a collection of toy houses in the great slanting shafts of sunlight stretching to earth in the breaks between clouds. They stood for a minute or two looking toward the Burrow their hands shadowing their eyes but all they could make out were the high hedges and trees of the orchard which afforded the crooked little house protection from Muggle eyes.

Its weird being this near but not going to visit said Ron.

Well its not like you havent just seen them. You were there for Christmas said Hermione coldly.

I wasnt at the Burrow said Ron with an incredulous laugh. Do you think I was going to go back there and tell them all Id walked out on you Yeah Fred and George wouldve been great about it. And Ginny shed have been really understanding.

But where have you been then asked Hermione surprised.

Bill and Fleurs new place. Shell Cottage. Bills always been decent to me. He — he wasnt impressed when he heard what Id done but he didnt go on about it. He knew I was really sorry. None of the rest of the family know I was there. Bill told Mum he and Fleur werent going home for Christmas because they wanted to spend it alone. You know first holiday after they were married. I dont think Fleur minded. You know how much she hates Celestina Warbeck.

Ron turned his back on the Burrow.

Lets try up here he said leading the way over the top of the hill.

They walked for a few hours Harry at Hermiones insistence hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak. The cluster of low hills appeared to be uninhabited apart from one small cottage which seemed deserted.

Do you think its theirs and theyve gone away for Christmas said Hermione peering through the window at a neat little kitchen with geraniums on the windowsill. Ron snorted.

Listen Ive got a feeling youd be able to tell who lived there if you looked through the Lovegoods window. Lets try the next lot of hills.

So they Disapparated a few miles farther north.

Aha shouted Ron as the wind whipped their hair and clothes. Ron was pointing upward toward the top of the hill on which they had appeared where a most strange-looking house rose vertically against the sky a great black cylinder with a ghostly moon hanging behind it in the afternoon sky. Thats got to be Lunas house who else would live in a place like that It looks like a giant rook

Its nothing like a bird said Hermione frowning at the tower.

I was talking about a chess rook said Ron. A castle to you.

Rons legs were the longest and he reached the top of the hill first. When Harry and Hermione caught up with him panting and clutching stitches in their sides they found him grinning broadly.

Its theirs said Ron. Look.

Three hand-painted signs had been tacked to a broken-down gate. The first read

THE QUIBBLER. EDITOR: X. LOVEGOOD



the second

PICK YOUR OWN MISTLETOE



the third

KEEP OFF THE DIRIGIBLE PLUMS



The gate creaked as they opened it. The zigzagging path leading to the front door was overgrown with a variety of odd plants including a bush covered in the orange radishlike fruit Luna sometimes wore as earrings. Harry thought he recognized a Snargaluff and gave the wizened stump a wide berth. Two aged crab apple trees bent with the wind stripped of leaves but still heavy with berry-sized red fruits and bushy crowns of white-beaded mistletoe stood sentinel on either side of the front door. A little owl with a slightly flattened hawklike head peered down at them from one of the branches.

Youd better take off the Invisibility Cloak Harry said Hermione. Its you Mr. Lovegood wants to help not us.

He did as she suggested handing her the Cloak to stow in the beaded bag. She then rapped three times on the thick black door which was studded with iron nails and bore a knocker shaped like an eagle.

Barely ten seconds passed then the door was flung open and there stood Xenophilius Lovegood barefoot and wearing what appeared to be a stained nightshirt. His long white candyfloss hair was dirty and unkempt. Xenophilius had been positively dapper at Bill and Fleurs wedding by comparison.

What What is it Who are you What do you want he cried in a high-pitched querulous voice looking first at Hermione then at Ron and finally at Harry upon which his mouth fell open in a perfect comical O.

Hello Mr. Lovegood said Harry holding out his hand. Im Harry Harry Potter.

Xenophilius did not take Harrys hand although the eye that was not pointing inward at his nose slid straight to the scar on Harrys forehead.

Would it be okay if we came in asked Harry. Theres something wed like to ask you.

I . . . Im not sure thats advisable whispered Xenophilius. He swallowed and cast a quick look around the garden. Rather a shock . . . My word . . . I . . . Im afraid I dont really think I ought to —

It wont take long said Harry slightly disappointed by this less-than-warm welcome.

I — oh all right then. Come in quickly. Quickly

They were barely over the threshold when Xenophilius slammed the door shut behind them. They were standing in the most peculiar kitchen Harry had ever seen. The room was perfectly circular so that it felt like being inside a giant pepper pot. Everything was curved to fit the walls — the stove the sink and the cupboards — and all of it had been painted with flowers insects and birds in bright primary colors. Harry thought he recognized Lunas style: The effect in such an enclosed space was slightly overwhelming.

In the middle of the floor a wrought-iron spiral staircase led to the upper levels. There was a great deal of clattering and banging coming from overhead: Harry wondered what Luna could be doing.

Youd better come up said Xenophilius still looking extremely uncomfortable and he led the way.

The room above seemed to be a combination of living room and workplace and as such was even more cluttered than the kitchen. Though much smaller and entirely round the room somewhat resembled the Room of Requirement on the unforgettable occasion that it had transformed itself into a gigantic labyrinth comprised of centuries of hidden objects. There were piles upon piles of books and papers on every surface. Delicately made models of creatures Harry did not recognize all flapping wings or snapping jaws hung from the ceiling.

Luna was not there: The thing that was making such a racket was a wooden object covered in magically turning cogs and wheels. It looked like the bizarre offspring of a workbench and a set of old shelves but after a moment Harry deduced that it was an old-fashioned printing press due to the fact that it was churning out Quibblers.

Excuse me said Xenophilius and he strode over to the machine seized a grubby tablecloth from beneath an immense number of books and papers which all tumbled onto the floor and threw it over the press somewhat muffling the loud bangs and clatters. He then faced Harry.

Why have you come here

Before Harry could speak however Hermione let out a small cry of shock.

Mr. Lovegood — whats that

She was pointing at an enormous gray spiral horn not unlike that of a unicorn which had been mounted on the wall protruding several feet into the room.

It is the horn of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack said Xenophilius.

No it isnt said Hermione.

Hermione muttered Harry embarrassed nows not the moment —

But Harry its an Erumpent horn Its a Class B Tradeable Material and its an extraordinarily dangerous thing to have in a house

How dyou know its an Erumpent horn asked Ron edging away from the horn as fast as he could given the extreme clutter of the room.

Theres a description in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Mr. Lovegood you need to get rid of it straightaway dont you know it can explode at the slightest touch

The Crumple-Horned Snorkack said Xenophilius very clearly a mulish look upon his face is a shy and highly magical creature and its horn —

Mr. Lovegood I recognize the grooved markings around the base thats an Erumpent horn and its incredibly dangerous — I dont know where you got it —

I bought it said Xenophilius dogmatically two weeks ago from a delightful young wizard who knew of my interest in the exquisite Snorkack. A Christmas surprise for my Luna. Now he said turning to Harry why exactly have you come here Mr. Potter

We need some help said Harry before Hermione could start again.

Ah said Xenophilius. Help. Hmm.

His good eye moved again to Harrys scar. He seemed simultaneously terrified and mesmerized.

Yes. The thing is . . . helping Harry Potter . . . rather dangerous . . .

Arent you the one who keeps telling everyone its their first duty to help Harry said Ron. In that magazine of yours

Xenophilius glanced behind him at the concealed printing press still banging and clattering beneath the tablecloth.

Er — yes I have expressed that view. However —

Thats for everyone else to do not you personally said Ron.

Xenophilius did not answer. He kept swallowing his eyes darting between the three of them. Harry had the impression that he was undergoing some painful internal struggle.

Wheres Luna asked Hermione. Lets see what she thinks.

Xenophilius gulped. He seemed to be steeling himself. Finally he said in a shaky voice difficult to hear over the noise of the printing press Luna is down at the stream fishing for Freshwater Plimpies. She . . . she will like to see you. Ill go and call her and then — yes very well. I shall try to help you.

He disappeared down the spiral staircase and they heard the front door open and close. They looked at each other.

Cowardly old wart said Ron. Lunas got ten times his guts.

Hes probably worried about whatll happen to them if the Death Eaters find out I was here said Harry.

Well I agree with Ron said Hermione. Awful old hypocrite telling everyone else to help you and trying to worm out of it himself. And for heavens sake keep away from that horn.

Harry crossed to the window on the far side of the room. He could see a stream a thin glittering ribbon lying far below them at the base of the hill. They were very high up; a bird fluttered past the window as he stared in the direction of the Burrow now invisible beyond another line of hills. Ginny was over there somewhere. They were closer to each other today than they had been since Bill and Fleurs wedding but she could have no idea he was gazing toward her now thinking of her. He supposed he ought to be glad of it; anyone he came into contact with was in danger Xenophiliuss attitude proved that.

He turned away from the window and his gaze fell upon another peculiar object standing upon the cluttered curved sideboard: a stone bust of a beautiful but austere-looking witch wearing a most bizarre-looking headdress. Two objects that resembled golden ear trumpets curved out from the sides. A tiny pair of glittering blue wings was stuck to a leather strap that ran over the top of her head while one of the orange radishes had been stuck to a second strap around her forehead.

Look at this said Harry.

Fetching said Ron. Surprised he didnt wear that to the wedding.

They heard the front door close and a moment later Xenophilius had climbed back up the spiral staircase into the room his thin legs now encased in Wellington boots bearing a tray of ill-assorted teacups and a steaming teapot.

Ah you have spotted my pet invention he said shoving the tray into Hermiones arms and joining Harry at the statues side. Modeled fittingly enough upon the head of the beautiful Rowena Ravenclaw. ‘Wit beyond measure is mans greatest treasure

He indicated the objects like ear trumpets.

These are the Wrackspurt siphons — to remove all sources of distraction from the thinkers immediate area. Here he pointed out the tiny wings a billywig propeller to induce an elevated frame of mind. Finally he pointed to the orange radish the Dirigible Plum so as to enhance the ability to accept the extraordinary.

Xenophilius strode back to the tea tray which Hermione had managed to balance precariously on one of the cluttered side tables.

May I offer you all an infusion of Gurdyroots said Xenophilius. We make it ourselves. As he started to pour out the drink which was as deeply purple as beetroot juice he added Luna is down beyond Bottom Bridge she is most excited that you are here. She ought not to be too long she has caught nearly enough Plimpies to make soup for all of us. Do sit down and help yourselves to sugar.

Now he removed a tottering pile of papers from an armchair and sat down his Wellingtoned legs crossed how may I help you Mr. Potter

Well said Harry glancing at Hermione who nodded encouragingly its about that symbol you were wearing around your neck at Bill and Fleurs wedding Mr. Lovegood. We wondered what it meant.

Xenophilius raised his eyebrows.

Are you referring to the sign of the Deathly Hallows




