




THE MISSING MIRROR




Harrys feet touched road. He saw the achingly familiar Hogsmeade High Street: dark shop fronts and the outline of black mountains beyond the village and the curve in the road ahead that led off toward Hogwarts and light spilling from the windows of the Three Broomsticks and with a lurch of the heart he remembered with piercing accuracy how he had landed here nearly a year before supporting a desperately weak Dumbledore; all this in a second upon landing — and then even as he relaxed his grip upon Rons and Hermiones arms it happened.

The air was rent by a scream that sounded like Voldemorts when he had realized the cup had been stolen: It tore at every nerve in Harrys body and he knew immediately that their appearance had caused it. Even as he looked at the other two beneath the Cloak the door of the Three Broomsticks burst open and a dozen cloaked and hooded Death Eaters dashed into the street their wands aloft.

Harry seized Rons wrist as he raised his wand; there were too many of them to Stun: Even attempting it would give away their position. One of the Death Eaters waved his wand and the scream stopped still echoing around the distant mountains.

Accio Cloak roared one of the Death Eaters.

Harry seized its folds but it made no attempt to escape: The Summoning Charm had not worked on it.

Not under your wrapper then Potter yelled the Death Eater who had tried the charm and then to his fellows Spread out. Hes here.

Six of the Death Eaters ran toward them: Harry Ron and Hermione backed as quickly as possible down the nearest side street and the Death Eaters missed them by inches. They waited in the darkness listening to the footsteps running up and down beams of light flying along the street from the Death Eaters searching wands.

Lets just leave Hermione whispered. Disapparate now

Great idea said Ron but before Harry could reply a Death Eater shouted

We know youre here Potter and theres no getting away Well find you

They were ready for us whispered Harry. They set up that spell to tell them wed come. I reckon theyve done something to keep us here trap us —

What about dementors called another Death Eater. Let em have free rein theyd find him quick enough

The Dark Lord wants Potter dead by no hand but his —

— an dementors wont kill him The Dark Lord wants Potters life not his soul. Hell be easier to kill if hes been Kissed first

There were noises of agreement. Dread filled Harry: To repel dementors they would have to produce Patronuses which would give them away immediately.

Were going to have to try to Disapparate Harry Hermione whispered.

Even as she said it he felt the unnatural cold begin to steal over the street. Light was sucked from the environment right up to the stars which vanished. In the pitch-blackness he felt Hermione take hold of his arm and together they turned on the spot.

The air through which they needed to move seemed to have become solid: They could not Disapparate; the Death Eaters had cast their charms well. The cold was biting deeper and deeper into Harrys flesh. He Ron and Hermione retreated down the side street groping their way along the wall trying not to make a sound. Then around the corner gliding noiselessly came dementors ten or more of them visible because they were of a denser darkness than their surroundings with their black cloaks and their scabbed and rotting hands. Could they sense fear in the vicinity Harry was sure of it: They seemed to be coming more quickly now taking those dragging rattling breaths he detested tasting despair on the air closing in —

He raised his wand: He could not would not suffer the Dementors Kiss whatever happened afterward. It was of Ron and Hermione that he thought as he whispered Expecto Patronum

The silver stag burst from his wand and charged: The dementors scattered and there was a triumphant yell from somewhere out of sight.

Its him down there down there I saw his Patronus it was a stag

The dementors had retreated the stars were popping out again and the footsteps of the Death Eaters were becoming louder; but before Harry in his panic could decide what to do there was a grinding of bolts nearby a door opened on the left-hand side of the narrow street and a rough voice said Potter in here quick

He obeyed without hesitation: The three of them hurtled through the open doorway.

Upstairs keep the Cloak on keep quiet muttered a tall figure passing them on his way into the street and slamming the door behind him.

Harry had had no idea where they were but now he saw by the stuttering light of a single candle the grubby sawdust-strewn bar of the Hogs Head Inn. They ran behind the counter and through a second doorway which led to a rickety wooden staircase that they climbed as fast as they could. The stairs opened onto a sitting room with a threadbare carpet and a small fireplace above which hung a single large oil painting of a blonde girl who gazed out at the room with a kind of vacant sweetness.

Shouts reached them from the street below. Still wearing the Invisibility Cloak they crept toward the grimy window and looked down. Their savior whom Harry now recognized as the Hogs Heads barman was the only person not wearing a hood.

So what he was bellowing into one of the hooded faces. So what You send dementors down my street Ill send a Patronus back at em Im not having em near me Ive told you that Im not having it

That wasnt your Patronus said a Death Eater. That was a stag it was Potters

Stag roared the barman and he pulled out a wand. Stag You idiot — Expecto Patronum

Something huge and horned erupted from the wand: Head down it charged toward the High Street and out of sight.

Thats not what I saw — said the Death Eater though with less certainty.

Curfews been broken you heard the noise one of his companions told the barman. Someone was out in the street against regulations —

If I want to put my cat out I will and be damned to your curfew

You set off the Caterwauling Charm

What if I did Going to cart me off to Azkaban Kill me for sticking my nose out my own front door Do it then if you want to But I hope for your sakes you havent pressed your little Dark Marks and summoned him. Hes not going to like being called here for me and my old cat is he now

Dont you worry about us said one of the Death Eaters worry about yourself breaking curfew

And where will you lot traffick potions and poisons when my pubs closed down Whatll happen to your little sidelines then

Are you threatening — 

I keep my mouth shut its why you come here isnt it

I still say I saw a stag Patronus shouted the first Death Eater.

Stag roared the barman. Its a goat idiot

All right we made a mistake said the second Death Eater. Break curfew again and we wont be so lenient

The Death Eaters strode back toward the High Street. Hermione moaned with relief wove out from under the Cloak and sat down on a wobble-legged chair. Harry drew the curtains tight shut then pulled the Cloak off himself and Ron. They could hear the barman down below rebolting the door of the bar then climbing the stairs.

Harrys attention was caught by something on the mantelpiece: a small rectangular mirror propped on top of it right beneath the portrait of the girl.

The barman entered the room.

You bloody fools he said gruffly looking from one to the other of them. What were you thinking coming here

Thank you said Harry. We cant thank you enough. You saved our lives.

The barman grunted. Harry approached him looking up into the face trying to see past the long stringy wire-gray hair and beard. He wore spectacles. Behind the dirty lenses the eyes were a piercing brilliant blue.

Its your eye Ive been seeing in the mirror.

There was silence in the room. Harry and the barman looked at each other.

You sent Dobby.

The barman nodded and looked around for the elf.

Thought hed be with you. Whereve you left him

Hes dead said Harry. Bellatrix Lestrange killed him.

The barmans face was impassive. After a few moments he said Im sorry to hear it. I liked that elf.

He turned away lighting lamps with prods of his wand not looking at any of them.

Youre Aberforth said Harry to the mans back.

He neither confirmed nor denied it but bent to light the fire.

How did you get this Harry asked walking across to Siriuss mirror the twin of the one he had broken nearly two years before.

Bought it from Dung bout a year ago said Aberforth. Albus told me what it was. Been trying to keep an eye out for you.

Ron gasped.

The silver doe he said excitedly. Was that you too

What are you talking about said Aberforth.

Someone sent a doe Patronus to us

Brains like that you could be a Death Eater son. Havent I just proved my Patronus is a goat

Oh said Ron. Yeah . . . well Im hungry he added defensively as his stomach gave an enormous rumble.

I got food said Aberforth and he sloped out of the room reappearing moments later with a large loaf of bread some cheese and a pewter jug of mead which he set upon a small table in front of the fire. Ravenous they ate and drank and for a while there was silence but for the crackle of the fire the clink of goblets and the sound of chewing.

Right then said Aberforth when they had eaten their fill and Harry and Ron sat slumped dozily in their chairs. We need to think of the best way to get you out of here. Cant be done by night you heard what happens if anyone moves outdoors during darkness: Caterwauling Charms set off theyll be onto you like bowtruckles on doxy eggs. I dont reckon Ill be able to pass off a stag as a goat a second time. Wait for daybreak when curfew lifts then you can put your Cloak back on and set out on foot. Get right out of Hogsmeade up into the mountains and youll be able to Disapparate there. Might see Hagrid. Hes been hiding in a cave up there with Grawp ever since they tried to arrest him.

Were not leaving said Harry. We need to get into Hogwarts.

Dont be stupid boy said Aberforth.

Weve got to said Harry.

What youve got to do said Aberforth leaning forward is to get as far from here as you can.

You dont understand. There isnt much time. Weve got to get into the castle. Dumbledore — I mean your brother — wanted us —

The firelight made the grimy lenses of Aberforths glasses momentarily opaque a bright flat white and Harry remembered the blind eyes of the giant spider Aragog.

My brother Albus wanted a lot of things said Aberforth and people had a habit of getting hurt while he was carrying out his grand plans. You get away from this school Potter and out of the country if you can. Forget my brother and his clever schemes. Hes gone where none of this can hurt him and you dont owe him anything.

You dont understand said Harry again.

Oh dont I said Aberforth quietly. You dont think I understood my own brother Think you knew Albus better than I did

I didnt mean that said Harry whose brain felt sluggish with exhaustion and from the surfeit of food and wine. Its . . . he left me a job.

Did he now said Aberforth. Nice job I hope Pleasant Easy Sort of thing youd expect an unqualified wizard kid to be able to do without overstretching themselves

Ron gave a rather grim laugh. Hermione was looking strained.

I-its not easy no said Harry. But Ive got to —

‘Got to Why ‘got to Hes dead isnt he said Aberforth roughly. Let it go boy before you follow him Save yourself

I cant.

Why not

I — Harry felt overwhelmed; he could not explain so he took the offensive instead. But youre fighting too youre in the Order of the Phoenix —

I was said Aberforth. The Order of the Phoenix is finished. You-Know-Whos won its over and anyone whos pretending differents kidding themselves. Itll never be safe for you here Potter he wants you too badly. So go abroad go into hiding save yourself. Best take these two with you. He jerked a thumb at Ron and Hermione. Theyll be in danger long as they live now everyone knows theyve been working with you.

I cant leave said Harry. Ive got a job —

Give it to someone else

I cant. Its got to be me Dumbledore explained it all —

Oh did he now And did he tell you everything was he honest with you

Harry wanted with all his heart to say Yes but somehow the simple word would not rise to his lips. Aberforth seemed to know what he was thinking.

I knew my brother Potter. He learned secrecy at our mothers knee. Secrets and lies thats how we grew up and Albus . . . he was a natural.

The old mans eyes traveled to the painting of the girl over the mantelpiece. It was now Harry looked around properly the only picture in the room. There was no photograph of Albus Dumbledore nor of anyone else.

Mr. Dumbledore said Hermione rather timidly. Is that your sister Ariana

Yes said Aberforth tersely. Been reading Rita Skeeter have you missy

Even by the rosy light of the fire it was clear that Hermione had turned red.

Elphias Doge mentioned her to us said Harry trying to spare Hermione.

That old berk muttered Aberforth taking another swig of mead. Thought the sun shone out of my brothers every orifice he did. Well so did plenty of people you three included by the looks of it.

Harry kept quiet. He did not want to express the doubts and uncertainties about Dumbledore that had riddled him for months now. He had made his choice while he dug Dobbys grave he had decided to continue along the winding dangerous path indicated for him by Albus Dumbledore to accept that he had not been told everything that he wanted to know but simply to trust. He had no desire to doubt again; he did not want to hear anything that would deflect him from his purpose. He met Aberforths gaze which was so strikingly like his brothers: The bright blue eyes gave the same impression that they were X-raying the object of their scrutiny and Harry thought that Aberforth knew what he was thinking and despised him for it.

Professor Dumbledore cared about Harry very much said Hermione in a low voice.

Did he now said Aberforth. Funny thing how many of the people my brother cared about very much ended up in a worse state than if hed left em well alone.

What do you mean asked Hermione breathlessly.

Never you mind said Aberforth.

But thats a really serious thing to say said Hermione. Are you — are you talking about your sister

Aberforth glared at her: His lips moved as if he were chewing the words he was holding back. Then he burst into speech.

When my sister was six years old she was attacked set upon by three Muggle boys. Theyd seen her doing magic spying through the back garden hedge: She was a kid she couldnt control it no witch or wizard can at that age. What they saw scared them I expect. They forced their way through the hedge and when she couldnt show them the trick they got a bit carried away trying to stop the little freak doing it.

Hermiones eyes were huge in the firelight; Ron looked slightly sick. Aberforth stood up tall as Albus and suddenly terrible in his anger and the intensity of his pain.

It destroyed her what they did: She was never right again. She wouldnt use magic but she couldnt get rid of it; it turned inward and drove her mad it exploded out of her when she couldnt control it and at times she was strange and dangerous. But mostly she was sweet and scared and harmless.

And my father went after the bastards that did it said Aberforth and attacked them. And they locked him up in Azkaban for it. He never said why hed done it because if the Ministry had known what Ariana had become shed have been locked up in St. Mungos for good. Theyd have seen her as a serious threat to the International Statute of Secrecy unbalanced like she was with magic exploding out of her at moments when she couldnt keep it in any longer.

We had to keep her safe and quiet. We moved house put it about she was ill and my mother looked after her and tried to keep her calm and happy.

I was her favorite he said and as he said it a grubby schoolboy seemed to look out through Aberforths wrinkles and tangled beard. Not Albus he was always up in his bedroom when he was home reading his books and counting his prizes keeping up with his correspondence with ‘the most notable magical names of the day Aberforth sneered. He didnt want to be bothered with her. She liked me best. I could get her to eat when she wouldnt do it for my mother I could get her to calm down when she was in one of her rages and when she was quiet she used to help me feed the goats.

Then when she was fourteen . . . See I wasnt there said Aberforth. If Id been there I could have calmed her down. She had one of her rages and my mother wasnt as young as she was and . . . it was an accident. Ariana couldnt control it. But my mother was killed.

Harry felt a horrible mixture of pity and repulsion; he did not want to hear any more but Aberforth kept talking and Harry wondered how long it had been since he had spoken about this; whether in fact he had ever spoken about it.

So that put paid to Albuss trip round the world with little Doge. The pair of em came home for my mothers funeral and then Doge went off on his own and Albus settled down as head of the family. Ha

Aberforth spat into the fire.

Id have looked after her I told him so I didnt care about school Id have stayed home and done it. He told me I had to finish my education and hed take over from my mother. Bit of a comedown for Mr. Brilliant theres no prizes for looking after your half-mad sister stopping her blowing up the house every other day. But he did all right for a few weeks . . . till he came.

And now a positively dangerous look crept over Aberforths face.

Grindelwald. And at last my brother had an equal to talk to someone just as bright and talented as he was. And looking after Ariana took a backseat then while they were hatching all their plans for a new Wizarding order and looking for Hallows and whatever else it was they were so interested in. Grand plans for the benefit of all Wizardkind and if one young girl got neglected what did that matter when Albus was working for the greater good

But after a few weeks of it Id had enough I had. It was nearly time for me to go back to Hogwarts so I told em both of em face-to-face like I am to you now and Aberforth looked down at Harry and it took little imagination to see him as a teenager wiry and angry confronting his elder brother. I told him youd better give it up now. You cant move her shes in no fit state you cant take her with you wherever it is youre planning to go when youre making your clever speeches trying to whip yourselves up a following. He didnt like that said Aberforth and his eyes were briefly occluded by the firelight on the lenses of his glasses: They shone white and blind again. Grindelwald didnt like that at all. He got angry. He told me what a stupid little boy I was trying to stand in the way of him and my brilliant brother . . . Didnt I understand my poor sister wouldnt have to be hidden once theyd changed the world and led the wizards out of hiding and taught the Muggles their place

And there was an argument . . . and I pulled out my wand and he pulled out his and I had the Cruciatus Curse used on me by my brothers best friend — and Albus was trying to stop him and then all three of us were dueling and the flashing lights and the bangs set her off she couldnt stand it —

The color was draining from Aberforths face as though he had suffered a mortal wound.

— and I think she wanted to help but she didnt really know what she was doing and I dont know which of us did it it could have been any of us — and she was dead.

His voice broke on the last word and he dropped down into the nearest chair. Hermiones face was wet with tears and Ron was almost as pale as Aberforth. Harry felt nothing but revulsion: He wished he had not heard it wished he could wash his mind clean of it.

Im so . . . Im so sorry Hermione whispered.

Gone croaked Aberforth. Gone forever.

He wiped his nose on his cuff and cleared his throat.

Course Grindelwald scarpered. He had a bit of a track record already back in his own country and he didnt want Ariana set to his account too. And Albus was free wasnt he Free of the burden of his sister free to become the greatest wizard of the —

He was never free said Harry.

I beg your pardon said Aberforth.

Never said Harry. The night that your brother died he drank a potion that drove him out of his mind. He started screaming pleading with someone who wasnt there. ‘Dont hurt them please . . . hurt me instead.

Ron and Hermione were staring at Harry. He had never gone into details about what had happened on the island on the lake: The events that had taken place after he and Dumbledore had returned to Hogwarts had eclipsed it so thoroughly.

He thought he was back there with you and Grindelwald I know he did said Harry remembering Dumbledore whimpering pleading. He thought he was watching Grindelwald hurting you and Ariana. . . . It was torture to him if youd seen him then you wouldnt say he was free.

Aberforth seemed lost in contemplation of his own knotted and veined hands. After a long pause he said How can you be sure Potter that my brother wasnt more interested in the greater good than in you How can you be sure you arent dispensable just like my little sister

A shard of ice seemed to pierce Harrys heart.

I dont believe it. Dumbledore loved Harry said Hermione.

Why didnt he tell him to hide then shot back Aberforth. Why didnt he say to him ‘Take care of yourself heres how to survive

Because said Harry before Hermione could answer sometimes youve got to think about more than your own safety Sometimes youve got to think about the greater good This is war

Youre seventeen boy

Im of age and Im going to keep fighting even if youve given up

Who says Ive given up

‘The Order of the Phoenix is finished Harry repeated. ‘You-Know-Whos won its over and anyone whos pretending differents kidding themselves.

I dont say I like it but its the truth

No it isnt said Harry. Your brother knew how to finish You-Know-Who and he passed the knowledge on to me. Im going to keep going until I succeed — or I die. Dont think I dont know how this might end. Ive known it for years.

He waited for Aberforth to jeer or to argue but he did not. He merely scowled.

We need to get into Hogwarts said Harry again. If you cant help us well wait till daybreak leave you in peace and try to find a way in ourselves. If you can help us — well now would be a great time to mention it.

Aberforth remained fixed in his chair gazing at Harry with the eyes that were so extraordinarily like his brothers. At last he cleared his throat got to his feet walked around the little table and approached the portrait of Ariana.

You know what to do he said.

She smiled turned and walked away not as people in portraits usually did out of the sides of their frames but along what seemed to be a long tunnel painted behind her. They watched her slight figure retreating until finally she was swallowed by the darkness.

Er — what —  began Ron.

Theres only one way in now said Aberforth. You must know theyve got all the old secret passageways covered at both ends dementors all around the boundary walls regular patrols inside the school from what my sources tell me. The place has never been so heavily guarded. How you expect to do anything once you get inside it with Snape in charge and the Carrows as his deputies . . . well thats your lookout isnt it You say youre prepared to die.

But what . . .  said Hermione frowning at Arianas picture.

A tiny white dot had reappeared at the end of the painted tunnel and now Ariana was walking back toward them growing bigger and bigger as she came. But there was somebody else with her now someone taller than she was who was limping along looking excited. His hair was longer than Harry had ever seen it: He appeared to have suffered several gashes to his face and his clothes were ripped and torn. Larger and larger the two figures grew until only their heads and shoulders filled the portrait. Then the whole thing swung forward on the wall like a little door and the entrance to a real tunnel was revealed. And out of it his hair overgrown his face cut his robes ripped clambered the real Neville Longbottom who gave a roar of delight leapt down from the mantelpiece and yelled I knew youd come I knew it Harry




