




THE PRINCES TALE




Harry remained kneeling at Snapes side simply staring down at him until quite suddenly a high cold voice spoke so close to them that Harry jumped to his feet the flask gripped tightly in his hands thinking that Voldemort had reentered the room.

Voldemorts voice reverberated from the walls and floor and Harry realized that he was talking to Hogwarts and to all the surrounding area that the residents of Hogsmeade and all those still fighting in the castle would hear him as clearly as if he stood beside them his breath on the back of their necks a deathblow away.

You have fought said the high cold voice valiantly. Lord Voldemort knows how to value bravery.

Yet you have sustained heavy losses. If you continue to resist me you will all die one by one. I do not wish this to happen. Every drop of magical blood spilled is a loss and a waste.

Lord Voldemort is merciful. I command my forces to retreat immediately.

You have one hour. Dispose of your dead with dignity. Treat your injured.

I speak now Harry Potter directly to you. You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest. If at the end of that hour you have not come to me have not given yourself up then battle recommences. This time I shall enter the fray myself Harry Potter and I shall find you and I shall punish every last man woman and child who has tried to conceal you from me. One hour.

Both Ron and Hermione shook their heads frantically looking at Harry.

Dont listen to him said Ron.

Itll be all right said Hermione wildly. Lets — lets get back to the castle if hes gone to the forest well need to think of a new plan —

She glanced at Snapes body then hurried back to the tunnel entrance. Ron followed her. Harry gathered up the Invisibility Cloak then looked down at Snape. He did not know what to feel except shock at the way Snape had been killed and the reason for which it had been done. . . .

They crawled back through the tunnel none of them talking and Harry wondered whether Ron and Hermione could still hear Voldemort ringing in their heads as he could.

You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest . . . One hour. . . .

Small bundles seemed to litter the lawn at the front of the castle. It could only be an hour or so from dawn yet it was pitch-black. The three of them hurried toward the stone steps. A lone clog the size of a small boat lay abandoned in front of them. There was no other sign of Grawp or of his attacker.

The castle was unnaturally silent. There were no flashes of light now no bangs or screams or shouts. The flagstones of the deserted entrance hall were stained with blood. Emeralds were still scattered all over the floor along with pieces of marble and splintered wood. Part of the banisters had been blown away.

Where is everyone whispered Hermione.

Ron led the way to the Great Hall. Harry stopped in the doorway.

The House tables were gone and the room was crowded. The survivors stood in groups their arms around each others necks. The injured were being treated upon the raised platform by Madam Pomfrey and a group of helpers. Firenze was amongst the injured; his flank poured blood and he shook where he lay unable to stand.

The dead lay in a row in the middle of the Hall. Harry could not see Freds body because his family surrounded him. George was kneeling at his head; Mrs. Weasley was lying across Freds chest her body shaking Mr. Weasley stroking her hair while tears cascaded down his cheeks.

Without a word to Harry Ron and Hermione walked away. Harry saw Hermione approach Ginny whose face was swollen and blotchy and hug her. Ron joined Bill Fleur and Percy who flung an arm around Rons shoulders. As Ginny and Hermione moved closer to the rest of the family Harry had a clear view of the bodies lying next to Fred: Remus and Tonks pale and still and peaceful-looking apparently asleep beneath the dark enchanted ceiling.

The Great Hall seemed to fly away become smaller shrink as Harry reeled backward from the doorway. He could not draw breath. He could not bear to look at any of the other bodies to see who else had died for him. He could not bear to join the Weasleys could not look into their eyes when if he had given himself up in the first place Fred might never have died. . . .

He turned away and ran up the marble staircase. Lupin Tonks . . . He yearned not to feel . . . He wished he could rip out his heart his innards everything that was screaming inside him. . . .

The castle was completely empty; even the ghosts seemed to have joined the mass mourning in the Great Hall. Harry ran without stopping clutching the crystal flask of Snapes last thoughts and he did not slow down until he reached the stone gargoyle guarding the headmasters office.

Password

Dumbledore said Harry without thinking because it was he whom he yearned to see and to his surprise the gargoyle slid aside revealing the spiral staircase behind.

But when Harry burst into the circular office he found a change. The portraits that hung all around the walls were empty. Not a single headmaster or headmistress remained to see him; all it seemed had flitted away charging through the paintings that lined the castle so that they could have a clear view of what was going on.

Harry glanced hopelessly at Dumbledores deserted frame which hung directly behind the headmasters chair then turned his back on it. The stone Pensieve lay in the cabinet where it had always been: Harry heaved it onto the desk and poured Snapes memories into the wide basin with its runic markings around the edge. To escape into someone elses head would be a blessed relief. . . . Nothing that even Snape had left him could be worse than his own thoughts. The memories swirled silver white and strange and without hesitating with a feeling of reckless abandonment as though this would assuage his torturing grief Harry dived.

He fell headlong into sunlight and his feet found warm ground. When he straightened up he saw that he was in a nearly deserted playground. A single huge chimney dominated the distant skyline. Two girls were swinging backward and forward and a skinny boy was watching them from behind a clump of bushes. His black hair was overlong and his clothes were so mismatched that it looked deliberate: too short jeans a shabby overlarge coat that might have belonged to a grown man an odd smocklike shirt.

Harry moved closer to the boy. Snape looked no more than nine or ten years old sallow small stringy. There was undisguised greed in his thin face as he watched the younger of the two girls swinging higher and higher than her sister.

Lily dont do it shrieked the elder of the two.

But the girl had let go of the swing at the very height of its arc and flown into the air quite literally flown launched herself skyward with a great shout of laughter and instead of crumpling on the playground asphalt she soared like a trapeze artist through the air staying up far too long landing far too lightly.

Mummy told you not to

Petunia stopped her swing by dragging the heels of her sandals on the ground making a crunching grinding sound then leapt up hands on hips.

Mummy said you werent allowed Lily

But Im fine said Lily still giggling. Tuney look at this. Watch what I can do.

Petunia glanced around. The playground was deserted apart from themselves and though the girls did not know it Snape. Lily had picked up a fallen flower from the bush behind which Snape lurked. Petunia advanced evidently torn between curiosity and disapproval. Lily waited until Petunia was near enough to have a clear view then held out her palm. The flower sat there opening and closing its petals like some bizarre many-lipped oyster.

Stop it shrieked Petunia.

Its not hurting you said Lily but she closed her hand on the blossom and threw it back to the ground.

Its not right said Petunia but her eyes had followed the flowers flight to the ground and lingered upon it. How do you do it she added and there was definite longing in her voice.

Its obvious isnt it Snape could no longer contain himself but had jumped out from behind the bushes. Petunia shrieked and ran backward toward the swings but Lily though clearly startled remained where she was. Snape seemed to regret his appearance. A dull flush of color mounted the sallow cheeks as he looked at Lily.

Whats obvious asked Lily.

Snape had an air of nervous excitement. With a glance at the distant Petunia now hovering beside the swings he lowered his voice and said I know what you are.

What do you mean

Youre . . . youre a witch whispered Snape.

She looked affronted.

Thats not a very nice thing to say to somebody

She turned nose in the air and marched off toward her sister.

No said Snape. He was highly colored now and Harry wondered why he did not take off the ridiculously large coat unless it was because he did not want to reveal the smock beneath it. He flapped after the girls looking ludicrously batlike like his older self.

The sisters considered him united in disapproval both holding on to one of the swing poles as though it was the safe place in tag.

You are said Snape to Lily. You are a witch. Ive been watching you for a while. But theres nothing wrong with that. My mums one and Im a wizard.

Petunias laugh was like cold water.

Wizard she shrieked her courage returned now that she had recovered from the shock of his unexpected appearance. I know who you are. Youre that Snape boy They live down Spinners End by the river she told Lily and it was evident from her tone that she considered the address a poor recommendation. Why have you been spying on us

Havent been spying said Snape hot and uncomfortable and dirty-haired in the bright sunlight. Wouldnt spy on you anyway he added spitefully youre a Muggle.

Though Petunia evidently did not understand the word she could hardly mistake the tone.

Lily come on were leaving she said shrilly. Lily obeyed her sister at once glaring at Snape as she left. He stood watching them as they marched through the playground gate and Harry the only one left to observe him recognized Snapes bitter disappointment and understood that Snape had been planning this moment for a while and that it had all gone wrong. . . .

The scene dissolved and before Harry knew it re-formed around him. He was now in a small thicket of trees. He could see a sunlit river glittering through their trunks. The shadows cast by the trees made a basin of cool green shade. Two children sat facing each other cross-legged on the ground. Snape had removed his coat now; his odd smock looked less peculiar in the half light.

. . . and the Ministry can punish you if you do magic outside school you get letters.

But I have done magic outside school

Were all right. We havent got wands yet. They let you off when youre a kid and you cant help it. But once youre eleven he nodded importantly and they start training you then youve got to go careful.

There was a little silence. Lily had picked up a fallen twig and twirled it in the air and Harry knew that she was imagining sparks trailing from it. Then she dropped the twig leaned in toward the boy and said It is real isnt it Its not a joke Petunia says youre lying to me. Petunia says there isnt a Hogwarts. It is real isnt it

Its real for us said Snape. Not for her. But well get the letter you and me.

Really whispered Lily.

Definitely said Snape and even with his poorly cut hair and his odd clothes he struck an oddly impressive figure sprawled in front of her brimful of confidence in his destiny.

And will it really come by owl Lily whispered.

Normally said Snape. But youre Muggle-born so someone from the school will have to come and explain to your parents.

Does it make a difference being Muggle-born

Snape hesitated. His black eyes eager in the greenish gloom moved over the pale face the dark red hair.

No he said. It doesnt make any difference.

Good said Lily relaxing: It was clear that she had been worrying.

Youve got loads of magic said Snape. I saw that. All the time I was watching you . . .

His voice trailed away; she was not listening but had stretched out on the leafy ground and was looking up at the canopy of leaves overhead. He watched her as greedily as he had watched her in the playground.

How are things at your house Lily asked.

A little crease appeared between his eyes.

Fine he said.

Theyre not arguing anymore

Oh yes theyre arguing said Snape. He picked up a fistful of leaves and began tearing them apart apparently unaware of what he was doing. But it wont be that long and Ill be gone.

Doesnt your dad like magic

He doesnt like anything much said Snape.

Severus

A little smile twisted Snapes mouth when she said his name.

Yeah

Tell me about the dementors again.

What dyou want to know about them for

If I use magic outside school —

They wouldnt give you to the dementors for that Dementors are for people who do really bad stuff. They guard the wizard prison Azkaban. Youre not going to end up in Azkaban youre too —

He turned red again and shredded more leaves. Then a small rustling noise behind Harry made him turn: Petunia hiding behind a tree had lost her footing.

Tuney said Lily surprise and welcome in her voice but Snape had jumped to his feet.

Whos spying now he shouted. What dyou want

Petunia was breathless alarmed at being caught. Harry could see her struggling for something hurtful to say.

What is that youre wearing anyway she said pointing at Snapes chest. Your mums blouse

There was a crack: A branch over Petunias head had fallen. Lily screamed: The branch caught Petunia on the shoulder and she staggered backward and burst into tears.

Tuney

But Petunia was running away. Lily rounded on Snape.

Did you make that happen

No. He looked both defiant and scared.

You did She was backing away from him. You did You hurt her

No — no I didnt

But the lie did not convince Lily: After one last burning look she ran from the little thicket off after her sister and Snape looked miserable and confused. . . .

And the scene re-formed. Harry looked around: He was on platform nine and three-quarters and Snape stood beside him slightly hunched next to a thin sallow-faced sour-looking woman who greatly resembled him. Snape was staring at a family of four a short distance away. The two girls stood a little apart from their parents. Lily seemed to be pleading with her sister; Harry moved closer to listen.

. . . Im sorry Tuney Im sorry Listen — She caught her sisters hand and held tight to it even though Petunia tried to pull it away. Maybe once Im there — no listen Tuney Maybe once Im there Ill be able to go to Professor Dumbledore and persuade him to change his mind

I dont — want — to — go said Petunia and she dragged her hand back out of her sisters grasp. You think I want to go to some stupid castle and learn to be a — a —

Her pale eyes roved over the platform over the cats mewling in their owners arms over the owls fluttering and hooting at each other in cages over the students some already in their long black robes loading trunks onto the scarlet steam engine or else greeting one another with glad cries after a summer apart.

— you think I want to be a — a freak

Lilys eyes filled with tears as Petunia succeeded in tugging her hand away.

Im not a freak said Lily. Thats a horrible thing to say.

Thats where youre going said Petunia with relish. A special school for freaks. You and that Snape boy . . . weirdos thats what you two are. Its good youre being separated from normal people. Its for our safety.

Lily glanced toward her parents who were looking around the platform with an air of wholehearted enjoyment drinking in the scene. Then she looked back at her sister and her voice was low and fierce.

You didnt think it was such a freaks school when you wrote to the headmaster and begged him to take you.

Petunia turned scarlet.

Beg I didnt beg

I saw his reply. It was very kind.

You shouldnt have read — whispered Petunia that was my private — how could you — 

Lily gave herself away by half-glancing toward where Snape stood nearby. Petunia gasped.

That boy found it You and that boy have been sneaking in my room

No — not sneaking — Now Lily was on the defensive. Severus saw the envelope and he couldnt believe a Muggle could have contacted Hogwarts thats all He says there must be wizards working undercover in the postal service who take care of —

Apparently wizards poke their noses in everywhere said Petunia now as pale as she had been flushed. Freak she spat at her sister and she flounced off to where her parents stood. . . .

The scene dissolved again. Snape was hurrying along the corridor of the Hogwarts Express as it clattered through the countryside. He had already changed into his school robes had perhaps taken the first opportunity to take off his dreadful Muggle clothes. At last he stopped outside a compartment in which a group of rowdy boys were talking. Hunched in a corner seat beside the window was Lily her face pressed against the windowpane.

Snape slid open the compartment door and sat down opposite Lily. She glanced at him and then looked back out of the window. She had been crying.

I dont want to talk to you she said in a constricted voice.

Why not

Tuney h-hates me. Because we saw that letter from Dumbledore.

So what

She threw him a look of deep dislike.

So shes my sister

Shes only a — He caught himself quickly; Lily too busy trying to wipe her eyes without being noticed did not hear him.

But were going he said unable to suppress the exhilaration in his voice. This is it Were off to Hogwarts

She nodded mopping her eyes but in spite of herself she half smiled.

Youd better be in Slytherin said Snape encouraged that she had brightened a little.

Slytherin

One of the boys sharing the compartment who had shown no interest at all in Lily or Snape until that point looked around at the word and Harry whose attention had been focused entirely on the two beside the window saw his father: slight black-haired like Snape but with that indefinable air of having been well-cared-for even adored that Snape so conspicuously lacked.

Who wants to be in Slytherin I think Id leave wouldnt you James asked the boy lounging on the seats opposite him and with a jolt Harry realized that it was Sirius. Sirius did not smile.

My whole family have been in Slytherin he said.

Blimey said James and I thought you seemed all right

Sirius grinned.

Maybe Ill break the tradition. Where are you heading if youve got the choice

James lifted an invisible sword.

‘Gryffindor where dwell the brave at heart Like my dad.

Snape made a small disparaging noise. James turned on him.

Got a problem with that

No said Snape though his slight sneer said otherwise. If youd rather be brawny than brainy —

Wherere you hoping to go seeing as youre neither interjected Sirius.

James roared with laughter. Lily sat up rather flushed and looked from James to Sirius in dislike.

Come on Severus lets find another compartment.

Oooooo . . .

James and Sirius imitated her lofty voice; James tried to trip Snape as he passed.

See ya Snivellus a voice called as the compartment door slammed. . . .

And the scene dissolved once more. . . .

Harry was standing right behind Snape as they faced the candlelit House tables lined with rapt faces. Then Professor McGonagall said Evans Lily

He watched his mother walk forward on trembling legs and sit down upon the rickety stool. Professor McGonagall dropped the Sorting Hat onto her head and barely a second after it had touched the dark red hair the hat cried Gryffindor

Harry heard Snape let out a tiny groan. Lily took off the hat handed it back to Professor McGonagall then hurried toward the cheering Gryffindors but as she went she glanced back at Snape and there was a sad little smile on her face. Harry saw Sirius move up the bench to make room for her. She took one look at him seemed to recognize him from the train folded her arms and firmly turned her back on him.

The roll call continued. Harry watched Lupin Pettigrew and his father join Lily and Sirius at the Gryffindor table. At last when only a dozen students remained to be sorted Professor McGonagall called Snape.

Harry walked with him to the stool watched him place the hat upon his head. Slytherin cried the Sorting Hat.

And Severus Snape moved off to the other side of the Hall away from Lily to where the Slytherins were cheering him to where Lucius Malfoy a prefect badge gleaming upon his chest patted Snape on the back as he sat down beside him. . . .

And the scene changed. . . .

Lily and Snape were walking across the castle courtyard evidently arguing. Harry hurried to catch up with them to listen in. As he reached them he realized how much taller they both were: A few years seemed to have passed since their Sorting.

. . . thought we were supposed to be friends Snape was saying. Best friends

We are Sev but I dont like some of the people youre hanging round with Im sorry but I detest Avery and Mulciber Mulciber What do you see in him Sev hes creepy Dyou know what he tried to do to Mary Macdonald the other day

Lily had reached a pillar and leaned against it looking up into the thin sallow face.

That was nothing said Snape. It was a laugh thats all —

It was Dark Magic and if you think thats funny —

What about the stuff Potter and his mates get up to demanded Snape. His color rose again as he said it unable it seemed to hold in his resentment.

Whats Potter got to do with anything said Lily.

They sneak out at night. Theres something weird about that Lupin. Where does he keep going

Hes ill said Lily. They say hes ill —

Every month at the full moon said Snape.

I know your theory said Lily and she sounded cold. Why are you so obsessed with them anyway Why do you care what theyre doing at night

Im just trying to show you theyre not as wonderful as everyone seems to think they are.

The intensity of his gaze made her blush.

They dont use Dark Magic though. She dropped her voice. And youre being really ungrateful. I heard what happened the other night. You went sneaking down that tunnel by the Whomping Willow and James Potter saved you from whatevers down there —

Snapes whole face contorted and he spluttered Saved Saved You think he was playing the hero He was saving his neck and his friends too Youre not going to — I wont let you —

Let me Let me

Lilys bright green eyes were slits. Snape backtracked at once.

I didnt mean — I just dont want to see you made a fool of — He fancies you James Potter fancies you The words seemed wrenched from him against his will. And hes not . . . everyone thinks . . . big Quidditch hero — Snapes bitterness and dislike were rendering him incoherent and Lilys eyebrows were traveling farther and farther up her forehead.

I know James Potters an arrogant toerag she said cutting across Snape. I dont need you to tell me that. But Mulcibers and Averys idea of humor is just evil. Evil Sev. I dont understand how you can be friends with them.

Harry doubted that Snape had even heard her strictures on Mulciber and Avery. The moment she had insulted James Potter his whole body had relaxed and as they walked away there was a new spring in Snapes step. . . .

And the scene dissolved. . . .

Harry watched again as Snape left the Great Hall after sitting his O.W.L. in Defense Against the Dark Arts watched as he wandered away from the castle and strayed inadvertently close to the place beneath the beech tree where James Sirius Lupin and Pettigrew sat together. But Harry kept his distance this time because he knew what happened after James had hoisted Severus into the air and taunted him; he knew what had been done and said and it gave him no pleasure to hear it again . . . He watched as Lily joined the group and went to Snapes defense. Distantly he heard Snape shout at her in his humiliation and his fury the unforgivable word: Mudblood.

The scene changed. . . .

Im sorry.

Im not interested.

Im sorry

Save your breath.

It was nighttime. Lily who was wearing a dressing gown stood with her arms folded in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady at the entrance to Gryffindor Tower.

I only came out because Mary told me you were threatening to sleep here.

I was. I would have done. I never meant to call you Mudblood it just —

Slipped out There was no pity in Lilys voice. Its too late. Ive made excuses for you for years. None of my friends can understand why I even talk to you. You and your precious little Death Eater friends — you see you dont even deny it You dont even deny thats what youre all aiming to be You cant wait to join You-Know-Who can you

He opened his mouth but closed it without speaking.

I cant pretend anymore. Youve chosen your way Ive chosen mine.

No — listen I didnt mean —

— to call me Mudblood But you call everyone of my birth Mudblood Severus. Why should I be any different

He struggled on the verge of speech but with a contemptuous look she turned and climbed back through the portrait hole. . . .

The corridor dissolved and the scene took a little longer to re-form: Harry seemed to fly through shifting shapes and colors until his surroundings solidified again and he stood on a hilltop forlorn and cold in the darkness the wind whistling through the branches of a few leafless trees. The adult Snape was panting turning on the spot his wand gripped tightly in his hand waiting for something or for someone . . . His fear infected Harry too even though he knew that he could not be harmed and he looked over his shoulder wondering what it was that Snape was waiting for —

Then a blinding jagged jet of white light flew through the air: Harry thought of lightning but Snape had dropped to his knees and his wand had flown out of his hand.

Dont kill me

That was not my intention.

Any sound of Dumbledore Apparating had been drowned by the sound of the wind in the branches. He stood before Snape with his robes whipping around him and his face was illuminated from below in the light cast by his wand.

Well Severus What message does Lord Voldemort have for me

No — no message — Im here on my own account

Snape was wringing his hands: He looked a little mad with his straggling black hair flying around him.

I — I come with a warning — no a request — please —

Dumbledore flicked his wand. Though leaves and branches still flew through the night air around them silence fell on the spot where he and Snape faced each other.

What request could a Death Eater make of me

The — the prophecy . . . the prediction . . . Trelawney . . .

Ah yes said Dumbledore. How much did you relay to Lord Voldemort

Everything — everything I heard said Snape. That is why — it is for that reason — he thinks it means Lily Evans

The prophecy did not refer to a woman said Dumbledore. It spoke of a boy born at the end of July —

You know what I mean He thinks it means her son he is going to hunt her down — kill them all —

If she means so much to you said Dumbledore surely Lord Voldemort will spare her Could you not ask for mercy for the mother in exchange for the son

I have — I have asked him —

You disgust me said Dumbledore and Harry had never heard so much contempt in his voice. Snape seemed to shrink a little. You do not care then about the deaths of her husband and child They can die as long as you have what you want

Snape said nothing but merely looked up at Dumbledore.

Hide them all then he croaked. Keep her — them — safe. Please.

And what will you give me in return Severus

In — in return Snape gaped at Dumbledore and Harry expected him to protest but after a long moment he said Anything.

The hilltop faded and Harry stood in Dumbledores office and something was making a terrible sound like a wounded animal. Snape was slumped forward in a chair and Dumbledore was standing over him looking grim. After a moment or two Snape raised his face and he looked like a man who had lived a hundred years of misery since leaving the wild hilltop.

I thought . . . you were going . . . to keep her . . . safe. . . .

She and James put their faith in the wrong person said Dumbledore. Rather like you Severus. Werent you hoping that Lord Voldemort would spare her

Snapes breathing was shallow.

Her boy survives said Dumbledore.

With a tiny jerk of the head Snape seemed to flick off an irksome fly.

Her son lives. He has her eyes precisely her eyes. You remember the shape and color of Lily Evanss eyes I am sure

DONT bellowed Snape. Gone . . . dead . . .

Is this remorse Severus

I wish . . . I wish I were dead. . . .

And what use would that be to anyone said Dumbledore coldly. If you loved Lily Evans if you truly loved her then your way forward is clear.

Snape seemed to peer through a haze of pain and Dumbledores words appeared to take a long time to reach him.

What — what do you mean

You know how and why she died. Make sure it was not in vain. Help me protect Lilys son.

He does not need protection. The Dark Lord has gone —

The Dark Lord will return and Harry Potter will be in terrible danger when he does.

There was a long pause and slowly Snape regained control of himself mastered his own breathing. At last he said Very well. Very well. But never — never tell Dumbledore This must be between us Swear it I cannot bear . . . especially Potters son . . . I want your word

My word Severus that I shall never reveal the best of you Dumbledore sighed looking down into Snapes ferocious anguished face. If you insist . . .

The office dissolved but re-formed instantly. Snape was pacing up and down in front of Dumbledore.

— mediocre arrogant as his father a determined rule-breaker delighted to find himself famous attention-seeking and impertinent —

You see what you expect to see Severus said Dumbledore without raising his eyes from a copy of Transfiguration Today. Other teachers report that the boy is modest likable and reasonably talented. Personally I find him an engaging child.

Dumbledore turned a page and said without looking up Keep an eye on Quirrell wont you

A whirl of color and now everything darkened and Snape and Dumbledore stood a little apart in the entrance hall while the last stragglers from the Yule Ball passed them on their way to bed.

Well murmured Dumbledore.

Karkaroffs Mark is becoming darker too. He is panicking he fears retribution; you know how much help he gave the Ministry after the Dark Lord fell. Snape looked sideways at Dumbledores crooked-nosed profile. Karkaroff intends to flee if the Mark burns.

Does he said Dumbledore softly as Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies came giggling in from the grounds. And are you tempted to join him

No said Snape his black eyes on Fleurs and Rogers retreating figures. I am not such a coward.

No agreed Dumbledore. You are a braver man by far than Igor Karkaroff. You know I sometimes think we Sort too soon. . . .

He walked away leaving Snape looking stricken. . . .

And now Harry stood in the headmasters office yet again. It was nighttime and Dumbledore sagged sideways in the thronelike chair behind the desk apparently semiconscious. His right hand dangled over the side blackened and burned. Snape was muttering incantations pointing his wand at the wrist of the hand while with his left hand he tipped a goblet full of thick golden potion down Dumbledores throat. After a moment or two Dumbledores eyelids fluttered and opened.

Why said Snape without preamble why did you put on that ring It carries a curse surely you realized that. Why even touch it

Marvolo Gaunts ring lay on the desk before Dumbledore. It was cracked; the sword of Gryffindor lay beside it.

Dumbledore grimaced.

I . . . was a fool. Sorely tempted . . .

Tempted by what

Dumbledore did not answer.

It is a miracle you managed to return here Snape sounded furious. That ring carried a curse of extraordinary power to contain it is all we can hope for; I have trapped the curse in one hand for the time being —

Dumbledore raised his blackened useless hand and examined it with the expression of one being shown an interesting curio.

You have done very well Severus. How long do you think I have

Dumbledores tone was conversational; he might have been asking for a weather forecast. Snape hesitated and then said I cannot tell. Maybe a year. There is no halting such a spell forever. It will spread eventually it is the sort of curse that strengthens over time.

Dumbledore smiled. The news that he had less than a year to live seemed a matter of little or no concern to him.

I am fortunate extremely fortunate that I have you Severus.

If you had only summoned me a little earlier I might have been able to do more buy you more time said Snape furiously. He looked down at the broken ring and the sword. Did you think that breaking the ring would break the curse

Something like that . . . I was delirious no doubt . . . . said Dumbledore. With an effort he straightened himself in his chair. Well really this makes matters much more straightforward.

Snape looked utterly perplexed. Dumbledore smiled.

I refer to the plan Lord Voldemort is revolving around me. His plan to have the poor Malfoy boy murder me.

Snape sat down in the chair Harry had so often occupied across the desk from Dumbledore. Harry could tell that he wanted to say more on the subject of Dumbledores cursed hand but the other held it up in polite refusal to discuss the matter further. Scowling Snape said The Dark Lord does not expect Draco to succeed. This is merely punishment for Luciuss recent failures. Slow torture for Dracos parents while they watch him fail and pay the price.

In short the boy has had a death sentence pronounced upon him as surely as I have said Dumbledore. Now I should have thought the natural successor to the job once Draco fails is yourself

There was a short pause.

That I think is the Dark Lords plan.

Lord Voldemort foresees a moment in the near future when he will not need a spy at Hogwarts

He believes the school will soon be in his grasp yes.

And if it does fall into his grasp said Dumbledore almost it seemed as an aside I have your word that you will do all in your power to protect the students of Hogwarts

Snape gave a stiff nod.

Good. Now then. Your first priority will be to discover what Draco is up to. A frightened teenage boy is a danger to others as well as to himself. Offer him help and guidance he ought to accept he likes you —

— much less since his father has lost favor. Draco blames me he thinks I have usurped Luciuss position.

All the same try. I am concerned less for myself than for accidental victims of whatever schemes might occur to the boy. Ultimately of course there is only one thing to be done if we are to save him from Lord Voldemorts wrath.

Snape raised his eyebrows and his tone was sardonic as he asked Are you intending to let him kill you

Certainly not. You must kill me.

There was a long silence broken only by an odd clicking noise. Fawkes the phoenix was gnawing a bit of cuttlebone.

Would you like me to do it now asked Snape his voice heavy with irony. Or would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph

Oh not quite yet said Dumbledore smiling. I daresay the moment will present itself in due course. Given what has happened tonight he indicated his withered hand we can be sure that it will happen within a year.

If you dont mind dying said Snape roughly why not let Draco do it

That boys soul is not yet so damaged said Dumbledore. I would not have it ripped apart on my account.

And my soul Dumbledore Mine

You alone know whether it will harm your soul to help an old man avoid pain and humiliation said Dumbledore. I ask this one great favor of you Severus because death is coming for me as surely as the Chudley Cannons will finish bottom of this years league. I confess I should prefer a quick painless exit to the protracted and messy affair it will be if for instance Greyback is involved — I hear Voldemort has recruited him Or dear Bellatrix who likes to play with her food before she eats it.

His tone was light but his blue eyes pierced Snape as they had frequently pierced Harry as though the soul they discussed was visible to him. At last Snape gave another curt nod.

Dumbledore seemed satisfied.

Thank you Severus . . .

The office disappeared and now Snape and Dumbledore were strolling together in the deserted castle grounds by twilight.

What are you doing with Potter all these evenings you are closeted together Snape asked abruptly.

Dumbledore looked weary.

Why You arent trying to give him more detentions Severus The boy will soon have spent more time in detention than out.

He is his father over again —

In looks perhaps but his deepest nature is much more like his mothers. I spend time with Harry because I have things to discuss with him information I must give him before it is too late.

Information repeated Snape. You trust him . . . you do not trust me.

It is not a question of trust. I have as we both know limited time. It is essential that I give the boy enough information for him to do what he needs to do.

And why may I not have the same information

I prefer not to put all of my secrets in one basket particularly not a basket that spends so much time dangling on the arm of Lord Voldemort.

Which I do on your orders

And you do it extremely well. Do not think that I underestimate the constant danger in which you place yourself Severus. To give Voldemort what appears to be valuable information while withholding the essentials is a job I would entrust to nobody but you.

Yet you confide much more in a boy who is incapable of Occlumency whose magic is mediocre and who has a direct connection into the Dark Lords mind

Voldemort fears that connection said Dumbledore. Not so long ago he had one small taste of what truly sharing Harrys mind means to him. It was pain such as he has never experienced. He will not try to possess Harry again I am sure of it. Not in that way.

I dont understand.

Lord Voldemorts soul maimed as it is cannot bear close contact with a soul like Harrys. Like a tongue on frozen steel like flesh in flame —

Souls We were talking of minds

In the case of Harry and Lord Voldemort to speak of one is to speak of the other.

Dumbledore glanced around to make sure that they were alone. They were close by the Forbidden Forest now but there was no sign of anyone near them.

After you have killed me Severus —

You refuse to tell me everything yet you expect that small service of me snarled Snape and real anger flared in the thin face now. You take a great deal for granted Dumbledore Perhaps I have changed my mind

You gave me your word Severus. And while we are talking about services you owe me I thought you agreed to keep a close eye on our young Slytherin friend

Snape looked angry mutinous. Dumbledore sighed.

Come to my office tonight Severus at eleven and you shall not complain that I have no confidence in you. . . .

They were back in Dumbledores office the windows dark and Fawkes sat silent as Snape sat quite still as Dumbledore walked around him talking.

Harry must not know not until the last moment not until it is necessary otherwise how could he have the strength to do what must be done

But what must he do

That is between Harry and me. Now listen closely Severus. There will come a time — after my death — do not argue do not interrupt There will come a time when Lord Voldemort will seem to fear for the life of his snake.

For Nagini Snape looked astonished.

Precisely. If there comes a time when Lord Voldemort stops sending that snake forth to do his bidding but keeps it safe beside him under magical protection then I think it will be safe to tell Harry.

Tell him what

Dumbledore took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

Tell him that on the night Lord Voldemort tried to kill him when Lily cast her own life between them as a shield the Killing Curse rebounded upon Lord Voldemort and a fragment of Voldemorts soul was blasted apart from the whole and latched itself onto the only living soul left in that collapsing building. Part of Lord Voldemort lives inside Harry and it is that which gives him the power of speech with snakes and a connection with Lord Voldemorts mind that he has never understood. And while that fragment of soul unmissed by Voldemort remains attached to and protected by Harry Lord Voldemort cannot die.

Harry seemed to be watching the two men from one end of a long tunnel they were so far away from him their voices echoing strangely in his ears.

So the boy . . . the boy must die asked Snape quite calmly.

And Voldemort himself must do it Severus. That is essential.

Another long silence. Then Snape said I thought . . . all these years . . . that we were protecting him for her. For Lily.

We have protected him because it has been essential to teach him to raise him to let him try his strength said Dumbledore his eyes still tight shut. Meanwhile the connection between them grows ever stronger a parasitic growth: Sometimes I have thought he suspects it himself. If I know him he will have arranged matters so that when he does set out to meet his death it will truly mean the end of Voldemort.

Dumbledore opened his eyes. Snape looked horrified.

You have kept him alive so that he can die at the right moment

Dont be shocked Severus. How many men and women have you watched die

Lately only those whom I could not save said Snape. He stood up. You have used me.

Meaning

I have spied for you and lied for you put myself in mortal danger for you. Everything was supposed to be to keep Lily Potters son safe. Now you tell me you have been raising him like a pig for slaughter —

But this is touching Severus said Dumbledore seriously. Have you grown to care for the boy after all

For him shouted Snape. Expecto Patronum

From the tip of his wand burst the silver doe: She landed on the office floor bounded once across the office and soared out of the window. Dumbledore watched her fly away and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape and his eyes were full of tears.

After all this time

Always said Snape.

And the scene shifted. Now Harry saw Snape talking to the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk.

You will have to give Voldemort the correct date of Harrys departure from his aunt and uncles said Dumbledore. Not to do so will raise suspicion when Voldemort believes you so well informed. However you must plant the idea of decoys; that I think ought to ensure Harrys safety. Try Confunding Mundungus Fletcher. And Severus if you are forced to take part in the chase be sure to act your part convincingly . . . I am counting upon you to remain in Lord Voldemorts good books as long as possible or Hogwarts will be left to the mercy of the Carrows. . . .

Now Snape was head to head with Mundungus in an unfamiliar tavern Mundunguss face looking curiously blank Snape frowning in concentration.

You will suggest to the Order of the Phoenix Snape murmured that they use decoys. Polyjuice Potion. Identical Potters. It is the only thing that might work. You will forget that I have suggested this. You will present it as your own idea. You understand

I understand murmured Mundungus his eyes unfocused. . . .

Now Harry was flying alongside Snape on a broomstick through a clear dark night: He was accompanied by other hooded Death Eaters and ahead were Lupin and a Harry who was really George. . . . A Death Eater moved ahead of Snape and raised his wand pointing it directly at Lupins back —

Sectumsempra shouted Snape.

But the spell intended for the Death Eaters wand hand missed and hit George instead —

And next Snape was kneeling in Siriuss old bedroom. Tears were dripping from the end of his hooked nose as he read the old letter from Lily. The second page carried only a few words:

could ever have been friends with Gellert Grindelwald. I think her minds going personally

Lots of love





Snape took the page bearing Lilys signature and her love and tucked it inside his robes. Then he ripped in two the photograph he was also holding so that he kept the part from which Lily laughed throwing the portion showing James and Harry back onto the floor under the chest of drawers. . . .

And now Snape stood again in the headmasters study as Phineas Nigellus came hurrying into his portrait.

Headmaster They are camping in the Forest of Dean The Mudblood —

Do not use that word

— the Granger girl then mentioned the place as she opened her bag and I heard her

Good. Very good cried the portrait of Dumbledore behind the headmasters chair. Now Severus the sword Do not forget that it must be taken under conditions of need and valor — and he must not know that you give it If Voldemort should read Harrys mind and see you acting for him —

I know said Snape curtly. He approached the portrait of Dumbledore and pulled at its side. It swung forward revealing a hidden cavity behind it from which he took the sword of Gryffindor.

And you still arent going to tell me why its so important to give Potter the sword said Snape as he swung a traveling cloak over his robes.

No I dont think so said Dumbledores portrait. He will know what to do with it. And Severus be very careful they may not take kindly to your appearance after George Weasleys mishap —

Snape turned at the door.

Dont worry Dumbledore he said coolly. I have a plan. . . .

And Snape left the room. Harry rose up out of the Pensieve and moments later he lay on the carpeted floor in exactly the same room: Snape might just have closed the door.




