




THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS




Harrys last month with the Dursleys wasnt fun. True Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldnt stay in the same room while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon didnt shut Harry in his cupboard force him to do anything or shout at him — in fact they didnt speak to him at all. Half terrified half furious they acted as though any chair with Harry in it were empty. Although this was an improvement in many ways it did become a bit depressing after a while.

Harry kept to his room with his new owl for company. He had decided to call her Hedwig a name he had found in A History of Magic. His school books were very interesting. He lay on his bed reading late into the night Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. It was lucky that Aunt Petunia didnt come in to vacuum anymore because Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night before he went to sleep Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall counting down to September the first.

On the last day of August he thought hed better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to Kings Cross station the next day so he went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on television. He cleared his throat to let them know he was there and Dudley screamed and ran from the room.

Er — Uncle Vernon

Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.

Er — I need to be at Kings Cross tomorrow to — to go to Hogwarts.

Uncle Vernon grunted again.

Would it be all right if you gave me a lift

Grunt. Harry supposed that meant yes.

Thank you.

He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke.

Funny way to get to a wizards school the train. Magic carpets all got punctures have they

Harry didnt say anything.

Where is this school anyway

I dont know said Harry realizing this for the first time. He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.

I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven oclock he read.

His aunt and uncle stared.

Platform what

Nine and three-quarters.

Dont talk rubbish said Uncle Vernon. There is no platform nine and three-quarters.

Its on my ticket.

Barking said Uncle Vernon howling mad the lot of them. Youll see. You just wait. All right well take you to Kings Cross. Were going up to London tomorrow anyway or I wouldnt bother.

Why are you going to London Harry asked trying to keep things friendly.

Taking Dudley to the hospital growled Uncle Vernon. Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings.

Harry woke at five oclock the next morning and was too excited and nervous to go back to sleep. He got up and pulled on his jeans because he didnt want to walk into the station in his wizards robes — hed change on the train. He checked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure he had everything he needed saw that Hedwig was shut safely in her cage and then paced the room waiting for the Dursleys to get up. Two hours later Harrys huge heavy trunk had been loaded into the Dursleys car Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to Harry and they had set off.

They reached Kings Cross at half past ten. Uncle Vernon dumped Harrys trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him. Harry thought this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face.

Well there you are boy. Platform nine — platform ten. Your platform should be somewhere in the middle but they dont seem to have built it yet do they

He was quite right of course. There was a big plastic number nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it and in the middle nothing at all.

Have a good term said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile. He left without another word. Harry turned and saw the Dursleys drive away. All three of them were laughing. Harrys mouth went rather dry. What on earth was he going to do He was starting to attract a lot of funny looks because of Hedwig. Hed have to ask someone.

He stopped a passing guard but didnt dare mention platform nine and three-quarters. The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry couldnt even tell him what part of the country it was in he started to get annoyed as though Harry was being stupid on purpose. Getting desperate Harry asked for the train that left at eleven oclock but the guard said there wasnt one. In the end the guard strode away muttering about time wasters. Harry was now trying hard not to panic. According to the large clock over the arrivals board he had ten minutes left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; he was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly lift a pocket full of wizard money and a large owl.

Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do like tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley. He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspectors stand between platforms nine and ten.

At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.

— packed with Muggles of course —

Harry swung round. The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four boys all with flaming red hair. Each of them was pushing a trunk like Harrys in front of him — and they had an owl.

Heart hammering Harry pushed his cart after them. They stopped and so did he just near enough to hear what they were saying.

Now whats the platform number said the boys mother.

Nine and three-quarters piped a small girl also red-headed who was holding her hand. Mum cant I go . . .

Youre not old enough Ginny now be quiet. All right Percy you go first.

What looked like the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine and ten. Harry watched careful not to blink in case he missed it — but just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away the boy had vanished.

Fred you next the plump woman said.

Im not Fred Im George said the boy. Honestly woman you call yourself our mother Cant you tell Im George

Sorry George dear.

Only joking I am Fred said the boy and off he went. His twin called after him to hurry up and he must have done so because a second later he had gone — but how had he done it

Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier — he was almost there — and then quite suddenly he wasnt anywhere.

There was nothing else for it.

Excuse me Harry said to the plump woman.

Hello dear she said. First time at Hogwarts Rons new too.

She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. He was tall thin and gangling with freckles big hands and feet and a long nose.

Yes said Harry. The thing is — the thing is I dont know how to —

How to get onto the platform she said kindly and Harry nodded.

Not to worry she said. All you have to do is walk straight at the barrier between platforms nine and ten. Dont stop and dont be scared youll crash into it thats very important. Best do it at a bit of a run if youre nervous. Go on go now before Ron.

Er — okay said Harry.

He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier. It looked very solid.

He started to walk toward it. People jostled him on their way to platforms nine and ten. Harry walked more quickly. He was going to smash right into that barrier and then hed be in trouble — leaning forward on his cart he broke into a heavy run — the barrier was coming nearer and nearer — he wouldnt be able to stop — the cart was out of control — he was a foot away — he closed his eyes ready for the crash —

It didnt come . . . he kept on running . . . he opened his eyes.

A scarlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people. A sign overhead said Hogwarts Express eleven oclock. Harry looked behind him and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been with the words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it. He had done it.

Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs. Owls hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks.

The first few carriages were already packed with students some hanging out of the window to talk to their families some fighting over seats. Harry pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat. He passed a round-faced boy who was saying Gran Ive lost my toad again.

Oh Neville he heard the old woman sigh.

A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.

Give us a look Lee go on.

The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long hairy leg.

Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train. He put Hedwig inside first and then started to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door. He tried to lift it up the steps but could hardly raise one end and twice he dropped it painfully on his foot.

Want a hand It was one of the red-haired twins hed followed through the barrier.

Yes please Harry panted.

Oy Fred Cmere and help

With the twins help Harrys trunk was at last tucked away in a corner of the compartment.

Thanks said Harry pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.

Whats that said one of the twins suddenly pointing at Harrys lightning scar.

Blimey said the other twin. Are you — 

He is said the first twin. Arent you he added to Harry.

What said Harry.

Harry Potter chorused the twins.

Oh him said Harry. I mean yes I am.

The two boys gawked at him and Harry felt himself turning red. Then to his relief a voice came floating in through the trains open door.

Fred George Are you there

Coming Mum.

With a last look at Harry the twins hopped off the train.

Harry sat down next to the window where half hidden he could watch the red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying. Their mother had just taken out her handkerchief.

Ron youve got something on your nose.

The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way but she grabbed him and began rubbing the end of his nose.

Mum — geroff. He wriggled free.

Aaah has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie said one of the twins.

Shut up said Ron.

Wheres Percy said their mother.

Hes coming now.

The oldest boy came striding into sight. He had already changed into his billowing black Hogwarts robes and Harry noticed a shiny red-and-gold badge on his chest with the letter P on it.

Cant stay long Mother he said. Im up front the prefects have got two compartments to themselves —

Oh are you a prefect Percy said one of the twins with an air of great surprise. You should have said something we had no idea.

Hang on I think I remember him saying something about it said the other twin. Once —

Or twice —

A minute —

All summer —

Oh shut up said Percy the Prefect.

How come Percy gets new robes anyway said one of the twins.

Because hes a prefect said their mother fondly. All right dear well have a good term — send me an owl when you get there.

She kissed Percy on the cheek and he left. Then she turned to the twins.

Now you two — this year you behave yourselves. If I get one more owl telling me youve — youve blown up a toilet or —

Blown up a toilet Weve never blown up a toilet.

Great idea though thanks Mum.

Its not funny. And look after Ron.

Dont worry ickle Ronniekins is safe with us.

Shut up said Ron again. He was almost as tall as the twins already and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it.

Hey Mum guess what Guess who we just met on the train

Harry leaned back quickly so they couldnt see him looking.

You know that black-haired boy who was near us in the station Know who he is

Who

Harry Potter

Harry heard the little girls voice.

Oh Mum can I go on the train and see him Mum oh please. . . .

Youve already seen him Ginny and the poor boy isnt something you goggle at in a zoo. Is he really Fred How do you know

Asked him. Saw his scar. Its really there — like lightning.

Poor dear — no wonder he was alone I wondered. He was ever so polite when he asked how to get onto the platform.

Never mind that do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks like

Their mother suddenly became very stern.

I forbid you to ask him Fred. No dont you dare. As though he needs reminding of that on his first day at school.

All right keep your hair on.

A whistle sounded.

Hurry up their mother said and the three boys clambered onto the train. They leaned out of the window for her to kiss them good-bye and their younger sister began to cry.

Dont Ginny well send you loads of owls.

Well send you a Hogwarts toilet seat.

George

Only joking Mum.

The train began to move. Harry saw the boys mother waving and their sister half laughing half crying running to keep up with the train until it gathered too much speed then she fell back and waved.

Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the corner. Houses flashed past the window. Harry felt a great leap of excitement. He didnt know what he was going to — but it had to be better than what he was leaving behind.

The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy came in.

Anyone sitting there he asked pointing at the seat opposite Harry. Everywhere else is full.

Harry shook his head and the boy sat down. He glanced at Harry and then looked quickly out of the window pretending he hadnt looked. Harry saw he still had a black mark on his nose.

Hey Ron.

The twins were back.

Listen were going down the middle of the train — Lee Jordans got a giant tarantula down there.

Right mumbled Ron.

Harry said the other twin did we introduce ourselves Fred and George Weasley. And this is Ron our brother. See you later then.

Bye said Harry and Ron. The twins slid the compartment door shut behind them.

Are you really Harry Potter Ron blurted out.

Harry nodded.

Oh — well I thought it might be one of Fred and Georges jokes said Ron. And have you really got — you know . . .

He pointed at Harrys forehead.

Harry pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar. Ron stared.

So thats where You-Know-Who — 

Yes said Harry but I cant remember it.

Nothing said Ron eagerly.

Well — I remember a lot of green light but nothing else.

Wow said Ron. He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments then as though he had suddenly realized what he was doing he looked quickly out of the window again.

Are all your family wizards asked Harry who found Ron just as interesting as Ron found him.

Er — yes I think so said Ron. I think Mums got a second cousin whos an accountant but we never talk about him.

So you must know loads of magic already.

The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.

I heard you went to live with Muggles said Ron. What are they like

Horrible — well not all of them. My aunt and uncle and cousin are though. Wish Id had three wizard brothers.

Five said Ron. For some reason he was looking gloomy. Im the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts. You could say Ive got a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already left — Bill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now Percys a prefect. Fred and George mess around a lot but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks theyre really funny. Everyone expects me to do as well as the others but if I do its no big deal because they did it first. You never get anything new either with five brothers. Ive got Bills old robes Charlies old wand and Percys old rat.

Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat which was asleep.

His names Scabbers and hes useless he hardly ever wakes up. Percy got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect but they couldnt aff — I mean I got Scabbers instead.

Rons ears went pink. He seemed to think hed said too much because he went back to staring out of the window.

Harry didnt think there was anything wrong with not being able to afford an owl. After all hed never had any money in his life until a month ago and he told Ron so all about having to wear Dudleys old clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to cheer Ron up.

. . . and until Hagrid told me I didnt know anything about being a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort —

Ron gasped.

What said Harry.

You said You-Know-Whos name said Ron sounding both shocked and impressed. Id have thought you of all people —

Im not trying to be brave or anything saying the name said Harry I just never knew you shouldnt. See what I mean Ive got loads to learn. . . . I bet he added voicing for the first time something that had been worrying him a lot lately I bet Im the worst in the class.

You wont be. Theres loads of people who come from Muggle families and they learn quick enough.

While they had been talking the train had carried them out of London. Now they were speeding past fields full of cows and sheep. They were quiet for a time watching the fields and lanes flick past.

Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling dimpled woman slid back their door and said Anything off the cart dears

Harry who hadnt had any breakfast leapt to his feet but Rons ears went pink again and he muttered that hed brought sandwiches. Harry went out into the corridor.

He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys and now that he had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many Mars Bars as he could carry — but the woman didnt have Mars Bars. What she did have were Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans Droobles Best Blowing Gum Chocolate Frogs Pumpkin Pasties Cauldron Cakes Licorice Wands and a number of other strange things Harry had never seen in his life. Not wanting to miss anything he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.

Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.

Hungry are you

Starving said Harry taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.

Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it. There were four sandwiches inside. He pulled one of them apart and said She always forgets I dont like corned beef.

Swap you for one of these said Harry holding up a pasty. Go on —

You dont want this its all dry said Ron. She hasnt got much time he added quickly you know with five of us.

Go on have a pasty said Harry who had never had anything to share before or indeed anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling sitting there with Ron eating their way through all Harrys pasties cakes and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).

What are these Harry asked Ron holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs. Theyre not really frogs are they He was starting to feel that nothing would surprise him.

No said Ron. But see what the card is. Im missing Agrippa.

What

Oh of course you wouldnt know — Chocolate Frogs have cards inside them you know to collect — famous witches and wizards. Ive got about five hundred but I havent got Agrippa or Ptolemy.

Harry unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up the card. It showed a mans face. He wore half-moon glasses had a long crooked nose and flowing silver hair beard and mustache. Underneath the picture was the name Albus Dumbledore.

So this is Dumbledore said Harry.

Dont tell me youd never heard of Dumbledore said Ron. Can I have a frog I might get Agrippa — thanks —

Harry turned over his card and read:

ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS



Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the Dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945 for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragons blood and his work on alchemy with his partner Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.





Harry turned the card back over and saw to his astonishment that Dumbledores face had disappeared.

Hes gone

Well you cant expect him to hang around all day said Ron. Hell be back. No Ive got Morgana again and Ive got about six of her . . . do you want it You can start collecting.

Rons eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.

Help yourself said Harry. But in you know the Muggle world people just stay put in photos.

Do they What they dont move at all Ron sounded amazed. Weird

Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and gave him a small smile. Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards but Harry couldnt keep his eyes off them. Soon he had not only Dumbledore and Morgana but Hengist of Woodcroft Alberic Grunnion Circe Paracelsus and Merlin. He finally tore his eyes away from the druidess Cliodna who was scratching her nose to open a bag of Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans.

You want to be careful with those Ron warned Harry. When they say every flavor they mean every flavor — you know you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George reckons he had a booger-flavored one once.

Ron picked up a green bean looked at it carefully and bit into a corner.

Bleaaargh — see Sprouts.

They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. Harry got toast coconut baked bean strawberry curry grass coffee sardine and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldnt touch which turned out to be pepper.

The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder. The neat fields had gone. Now there were woods twisting rivers and dark green hills.

There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced boy Harry had passed on platform nine and three-quarters came in. He looked tearful.

Sorry he said but have you seen a toad at all

When they shook their heads he wailed Ive lost him He keeps getting away from me

Hell turn up said Harry.

Yes said the boy miserably. Well if you see him . . .

He left.

Dont know why hes so bothered said Ron. If Id brought a toad Id lose it as quick as I could. Mind you I brought Scabbers so I cant talk.

The rat was still snoozing on Rons lap.

He might have died and you wouldnt know the difference said Ron in disgust. I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more interesting but the spell didnt work. Ill show you look . . .

He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking wand. It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the end.

Unicorn hairs nearly poking out. Anyway —

He had just raised his wand when the compartment door slid open again. The toadless boy was back but this time he had a girl with him. She was already wearing her new Hogwarts robes.

Has anyone seen a toad Nevilles lost one she said. She had a bossy sort of voice lots of bushy brown hair and rather large front teeth.

Weve already told him we havent seen it said Ron but the girl wasnt listening she was looking at the wand in his hand.

Oh are you doing magic Lets see it then.

She sat down. Ron looked taken aback.

Er — all right.

He cleared his throat.

Sunshine daisies butter mellow

Turn this stupid fat rat yellow.





He waved his wand but nothing happened. Scabbers stayed gray and fast asleep.

Are you sure thats a real spell said the girl. Well its not very good is it Ive tried a few simple spells just for practice and its all worked for me. Nobody in my familys magic at all it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter but I was ever so pleased of course I mean its the very best school of witchcraft there is Ive heard — Ive learned all our course books by heart of course I just hope it will be enough — Im Hermione Granger by the way who are you

She said all this very fast.

Harry looked at Ron and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadnt learned all the course books by heart either.

Im Ron Weasley Ron muttered.

Harry Potter said Harry.

Are you really said Hermione. I know all about you of course — I got a few extra books for background reading and youre in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.

Am I said Harry feeling dazed.

Goodness didnt you know Id have found out everything I could if it was me said Hermione. Do either of you know what House youll be in Ive been asking around and I hope Im in Gryffindor it sounds by far the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldnt be too bad. . . . Anyway wed better go and look for Nevilles toad. You two had better change you know I expect well be there soon.

And she left taking the toadless boy with her.

Whatever House Im in I hope shes not in it said Ron. He threw his wand back into his trunk. Stupid spell — George gave it to me bet he knew it was a dud.

What House are your brothers in asked Harry.

Gryffindor said Ron. Gloom seemed to be settling on him again. Mum and Dad were in it too. I dont know what theyll say if Im not. I dont suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad but imagine if they put me in Slytherin.

Thats the House Vol- I mean You-Know-Who was in

Yeah said Ron. He flopped back into his seat looking depressed.

You know I think the ends of Scabbers whiskers are a bit lighter said Harry trying to take Rons mind off Houses. So what do your oldest brothers do now that theyve left anyway

Harry was wondering what a wizard did once hed finished school.

Charlies in Romania studying dragons and Bills in Africa doing something for Gringotts said Ron. Did you hear about Gringotts Its been all over the Daily Prophet but I dont suppose you get that with the Muggles — someone tried to rob a high security vault.

Harry stared.

Really What happened to them

Nothing thats why its such big news. They havent been caught. My dad says it mustve been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts but they dont think they took anything thats whats odd. Course everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case You-Know-Whos behind it.

Harry turned this news over in his mind. He was starting to get a prickle of fear every time You-Know-Who was mentioned. He supposed this was all part of entering the magical world but it had been a lot more comfortable saying Voldemort without worrying.

Whats your Quidditch team Ron asked.

Er — I dont know any Harry confessed.

What Ron looked dumbfounded. Oh you wait its the best game in the world — And he was off explaining all about the four balls and the positions of the seven players describing famous games hed been to with his brothers and the broomstick hed like to get if he had the money. He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again but it wasnt Neville the toadless boy or Hermione Granger this time.

Three boys entered and Harry recognized the middle one at once: It was the pale boy from Madam Malkins robe shop. He was looking at Harry with a lot more interest than hed shown back in Diagon Alley.

Is it true he said. Theyre saying all down the train that Harry Potters in this compartment. So its you is it

Yes said Harry. He was looking at the other boys. Both of them were thickset and looked extremely mean. Standing on either side of the pale boy they looked like bodyguards.

Oh this is Crabbe and this is Goyle said the pale boy carelessly noticing where Harry was looking. And my names Malfoy Draco Malfoy.

Ron gave a slight cough which might have been hiding a snigger. Draco Malfoy looked at him.

Think my names funny do you No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red hair freckles and more children than they can afford.

He turned back to Harry. Youll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others Potter. You dont want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.

He held out his hand to shake Harrys but Harry didnt take it.

I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself thanks he said coolly.

Draco Malfoy didnt go red but a pink tinge appeared in his pale cheeks.

Id be careful if I were you Potter he said slowly. Unless youre a bit politer youll go the same way as your parents. They didnt know what was good for them either. You hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid and itll rub off on you.

Both Harry and Ron stood up.

Say that again Ron said his face as red as his hair.

Oh youre going to fight us are you Malfoy sneered.

Unless you get out now said Harry more bravely than he felt because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.

But we dont feel like leaving do we boys Weve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.

Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward but before hed so much as touched Goyle Goyle let out a horrible yell.

Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyles knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round howling and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window all three of them disappeared at once. Perhaps they thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets or perhaps theyd heard footsteps because a second later Hermione Granger had come in.

What has been going on she said looking at the sweets all over the floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.

I think hes been knocked out Ron said to Harry. He looked closer at Scabbers. No — I dont believe it — hes gone back to sleep.

And so he had.

Youve met Malfoy before

Harry explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley.

Ive heard of his family said Ron darkly. They were some of the first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappeared. Said theyd been bewitched. My dad doesnt believe it. He says Malfoys father didnt need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side. He turned to Hermione. Can we help you with something

Youd better hurry up and put your robes on Ive just been up to the front to ask the conductor and he says were nearly there. You havent been fighting have you Youll be in trouble before we even get there

Scabbers has been fighting not us said Ron scowling at her. Would you mind leaving while we change

All right — I only came in here because people outside are behaving very childishly racing up and down the corridors said Hermione in a sniffy voice. And youve got dirt on your nose by the way did you know

Ron glared at her as she left. Harry peered out of the window. It was getting dark. He could see mountains and forests under a deep purple sky. The train did seem to be slowing down.

He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes. Rons were a bit short for him you could see his sneakers underneath them.

A voice echoed through the train: We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes time. Please leave your luggage on the train it will be taken to the school separately.

Harrys stomach lurched with nerves and Ron he saw looked pale under his freckles. They crammed their pockets with the last of the sweets and joined the crowd thronging the corridor.

The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way toward the door and out on to a tiny dark platform. Harry shivered in the cold night air. Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the students and Harry heard a familiar voice: Firs years Firs years over here All right there Harry

Hagrids big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.

Cmon follow me — any more firs years Mind yer step now Firs years follow me

Slipping and stumbling they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a steep narrow path. It was so dark on either side of them that Harry thought there must be thick trees there. Nobody spoke much. Neville the boy who kept losing his toad sniffed once or twice.

Yehll get yer firs sight o Hogwarts in a sec Hagrid called over his shoulder jus round this bend here.

There was a loud Oooooh

The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black lake. Perched atop a high mountain on the other side its windows sparkling in the starry sky was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.

No moren four to a boat Hagrid called pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville and Hermione.

Everyone in shouted Hagrid who had a boat to himself. Right then — FORWARD

And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once gliding across the lake which was as smooth as glass. Everyone was silent staring up at the great castle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.

Heads down yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried along a dark tunnel which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle until they reached a kind of underground harbor where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.

Oy you there Is this your toad said Hagrid who was checking the boats as people climbed out of them.

Trevor cried Neville blissfully holding out his hands. Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrids lamp coming out at last onto smooth damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.

They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge oak front door.

Everyone here You there still got yer toad

Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.




