




THE FORBIDDEN FOREST




Things couldnt have been worse.

Filch took them down to Professor McGonagalls study on the first floor where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other. Hermione was trembling. Excuses alibis and wild cover-up stories chased each other around Harrys brain each more feeble than the last. He couldnt see how they were going to get out of trouble this time. They were cornered. How could they have been so stupid as to forget the Cloak There was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of night let alone being up the tallest Astronomy Tower which was out-of-bounds except for classes. Add Norbert and the Invisibility Cloak and they might as well be packing their bags already.

Had Harry thought that things couldnt have been worse He was wrong. When Professor McGonagall appeared she was leading Neville.

Harry Neville burst out the moment he saw the other two. I was trying to find you to warn you I heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you he said you had a drag —

Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up but Professor McGonagall had seen. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them.

I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Filch says you were up in the Astronomy Tower. Its one oclock in the morning. Explain yourselves.

It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to answer a teachers question. She was staring at her slippers as still as a statue.

I think Ive got a good idea of whats been going on said Professor McGonagall. It doesnt take a genius to work it out. You fed Draco Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon trying to get him out of bed and into trouble. Ive already caught him. I suppose you think its funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it too

Harry caught Nevilles eye and tried to tell him without words that this wasnt true because Neville was looking stunned and hurt. Poor blundering Neville — Harry knew what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark to warn them.

Im disgusted said Professor McGonagall. Four students out of bed in one night Ive never heard of such a thing before You Miss Granger I thought you had more sense. As for you Mr. Potter I thought Gryffindor meant more to you than this. All three of you will receive detentions — yes you too Mr. Longbottom nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night especially these days its very dangerous — and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor.

Fifty Harry gasped — they would lose the lead the lead hed won in the last Quidditch match.

Fifty points each said Professor McGonagall breathing heavily through her long pointed nose.

Professor — please —

You cant —

Dont tell me what I can and cant do Potter. Now get back to bed all of you. Ive never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students.

A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in last place. In one night theyd ruined any chance Gryffindor had had for the House Cup. Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach. How could they ever make up for this

Harry didnt sleep all night. He could hear Neville sobbing into his pillow for what seemed like hours. Harry couldnt think of anything to say to comfort him. He knew Neville like himself was dreading the dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor found out what theyd done

At first Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded the House points the next day thought thered been a mistake. How could they suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday And then the story started to spread: Harry Potter the famous Harry Potter their hero of two Quidditch matches had lost them all those points him and a couple of other stupid first years.

From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school Harry was suddenly the most hated. Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turned on him because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose the House Cup. Everywhere Harry went people pointed and didnt trouble to lower their voices as they insulted him. Slytherins on the other hand clapped as he walked past them whistling and cheering Thanks Potter we owe you one

Only Ron stood by him.

Theyll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time theyve been here and people still like them.

Theyve never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go though have they said Harry miserably.

Well — no Ron admitted.

It was a bit late to repair the damage but Harry swore to himself not to meddle in things that werent his business from now on. Hed had it with sneaking around and spying. He felt so ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.

Resign Wood thundered. What goodll that do How are we going to get any points back if we cant win at Quidditch

But even Quidditch had lost its fun. The rest of the team wouldnt speak to Harry during practice and if they had to speak about him they called him the Seeker.

Hermione and Neville were suffering too. They didnt have as bad a time as Harry because they werent as well-known but nobody would speak to them either. Hermione had stopped drawing attention to herself in class keeping her head down and working in silence.

Harry was almost glad that the exams werent far away. All the studying he had to do kept his mind off his misery. He Ron and Hermione kept to themselves working late into the night trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions learn charms and spells by heart memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions. . . .

Then about a week before the exams were due to start Harrys new resolution not to interfere in anything that didnt concern him was put to an unexpected test. Walking back from the library on his own one afternoon he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead. As he drew closer he heard Quirrells voice.

No — no — not again please —

It sounded as though someone was threatening him. Harry moved closer.

All right — all right — he heard Quirrell sob.

Next second Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban. He was pale and looked as though he was about to cry. He strode out of sight; Harry didnt think Quirrell had even noticed him. He waited until Quirrells footsteps had disappeared then peered into the classroom. It was empty but a door stood ajar at the other end. Harry was halfway toward it before he remembered what hed promised himself about not meddling.

All the same hed have gambled twelve Sorcerers Stones that Snape had just left the room and from what Harry had just heard Snape would be walking with a new spring in his step — Quirrell seemed to have given in at last.

Harry went back to the library where Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them what hed heard.

Snapes done it then said Ron. If Quirrells told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell —

Theres still Fluffy though said Hermione.

Maybe Snapes found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid said Ron looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them. I bet theres a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant three-headed dog. So what do we do Harry

The light of adventure was kindling again in Rons eyes but Hermione answered before Harry could.

Go to Dumbledore. Thats what we should have done ages ago. If we try anything ourselves well be thrown out for sure.

But weve got no proof said Harry. Quirrells too scared to back us up. Snapes only got to say he doesnt know how the troll got in at Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floor — who do you think theyll believe him or us Its not exactly a secret we hate him Dumbledorell think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldnt help us if his life depended on it hes too friendly with Snape and the more students get thrown out the better hell think. And dont forget were not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. Thatll take a lot of explaining.

Hermione looked convinced but Ron didnt.

If we just do a bit of poking around —

No said Harry flatly weve done enough poking around.

He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of its moons.

The following morning notes were delivered to Harry Hermione and Neville at the breakfast table. They were all the same:

Your detention will take place at eleven oclock tonight.

Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall.





Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do in the furor over the points theyd lost. He half expected Hermione to complain that this was a whole night of studying lost but she didnt say a word. Like Harry she felt they deserved what theyd got.

At eleven oclock that night they said good-bye to Ron in the common room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. Filch was already there — and so was Malfoy. Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention too.

Follow me said Filch lighting a lamp and leading them outside.

I bet youll think twice about breaking a school rule again wont you eh he said leering at them. Oh yes . . . hard work and pain are the best teachers if you ask me. . . . Its just a pity they let the old punishments die out . . . hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a few days Ive got the chains still in my office keep em well oiled in case theyre ever needed. . . . Right off we go and dont think of running off now itll be worse for you if you do.

They marched off across the dark grounds. Neville kept sniffing. Harry wondered what their punishment was going to be. It must be something really horrible or Filch wouldnt be sounding so delighted.

The moon was bright but clouds scudding across it kept throwing them into darkness. Ahead Harry could see the lighted windows of Hagrids hut. Then they heard a distant shout.

Is that you Filch Hurry up I want ter get started.

Harrys heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it wouldnt be so bad. His relief must have showed in his face because Filch said I suppose you think youll be enjoying yourself with that oaf Well think again boy — its into the forest youre going and Im much mistaken if youll all come out in one piece.

At this Neville let out a little moan and Malfoy stopped dead in his tracks.

The forest he repeated and he didnt sound quite as cool as usual. We cant go in there at night — theres all sorts of things in there — werewolves I heard.

Neville clutched the sleeve of Harrys robe and made a choking noise.

Thats your problem isnt it said Filch his voice cracking with glee. Shouldve thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble shouldnt you

Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark Fang at his heel. He was carrying his large crossbow and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder.

Abou time he said. I bin waitin fer half an hour already. All right Harry Hermione

I shouldnt be too friendly to them Hagrid said Filch coldly theyre here to be punished after all.

Thats why yer late is it said Hagrid frowning at Filch. Bin lecturin them eh Snot your place ter do that. Yehve done yer bit Ill take over from here.

Ill be back at dawn said Filch for whats left of them he added nastily and he turned and started back toward the castle his lamp bobbing away in the darkness.

Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.

Im not going in that forest he said and Harry was pleased to hear the note of panic in his voice.

Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts said Hagrid fiercely. Yehve done wrong an now yehve got ter pay fer it.

But this is servant stuff its not for students to do. I thought wed be copying lines or something if my father knew I was doing this hed —

— tell yer thats how it is at Hogwarts Hagrid growled. Copyin lines What goods that ter anyone Yehll do summat useful or yehll get out. If yeh think yer fatherd rather you were expelled then get back off ter the castle an pack. Go on

Malfoy didnt move. He looked at Hagrid furiously but then dropped his gaze.

Right then said Hagrid now listen carefully cause its dangerous what were gonna do tonight an I don want no one takin risks. Follow me over here a moment.

He led them to the very edge of the forest. Holding his lamp up high he pointed down a narrow winding earth track that disappeared into the thick black trees. A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into the forest.

Look there said Hagrid see that stuff shinin on the ground Silvery stuff Thats unicorn blood. Theres a unicorn in there bin hurt badly by summat. This is the second time in a week. I found one dead last Wednesday. Were gonna try an find the poor thing. We might have ter put it out of its misery.

And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first said Malfoy unable to keep the fear out of his voice.

Theres nothin that lives in the forest thatll hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang said Hagrid. An keep ter the path. Right now were gonna split inter two parties an follow the trail in diffrent directions. Theres blood all over the place it mustve bin staggerin around since last night at least.

I want Fang said Malfoy quickly looking at Fangs long teeth.

All right but I warn yeh hes a coward said Hagrid. So me Harry an Hermionell go one way an Draco Neville an Fangll go the other. Now if any of us finds the unicorn well send up green sparks right Get yer wands out an practice now — thats it — an if anyone gets in trouble send up red sparks an well all come an find yeh — so be careful — lets go.

The forest was black and silent. A little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path and Harry Hermione and Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy Neville and Fang took the right.

They walked in silence their eyes on the ground. Every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue blood on the fallen leaves.

Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.

Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns Harry asked.

Not fast enough said Hagrid. Its not easy ter catch a unicorn theyre powerful magic creatures. I never knew one ter be hurt before.

They walked past a mossy tree stump. Harry could hear running water; there must be a stream somewhere close by. There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.

You all right Hermione Hagrid whispered. Don worry it cantve gone far if its this badly hurt an then well be able ter — GET BEHIND THAT TREE

Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak. He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into his crossbow raising it ready to fire. The three of them listened. Something was slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing along the ground. Hagrid was squinting up the dark path but after a few seconds the sound faded away.

I knew it he murmured. Theres summat in here that shouldn be.

A werewolf Harry suggested.

That wasn no werewolf an it wasn no unicorn neither said Hagrid grimly. Right follow me but careful now.

They walked more slowly ears straining for the faintest sound. Suddenly in a clearing ahead something definitely moved.

Whos there Hagrid called. Show yerself — Im armed

And into the clearing came — was it a man or a horse To the waist a man with red hair and beard but below that was a horses gleaming chestnut body with a long reddish tail. Harry and Hermiones jaws dropped.

Oh its you Ronan said Hagrid in relief. How are yeh

He walked forward and shook the centaurs hand.

Good evening to you Hagrid said Ronan. He had a deep sorrowful voice. Were you going to shoot me

Cant be too careful Ronan said Hagrid patting his crossbow. Theres summat bad loose in this forest. This is Harry Potter an Hermione Granger by the way. Students up at the school. An this is Ronan you two. Hes a centaur.

Wed noticed said Hermione faintly.

Good evening said Ronan. Students are you And do you learn much up at the school

Erm —

A bit said Hermione timidly.

A bit. Well thats something. Ronan sighed. He flung back his head and stared at the sky. Mars is bright tonight.

Yeah said Hagrid glancing up too. Listen Im glad weve run inter yeh Ronan cause theres a unicorn bin hurt — you seen anythin

Ronan didnt answer immediately. He stared unblinkingly upward then sighed again.

Always the innocent are the first victims he said. So it has been for ages past so it is now.

Yeah said Hagrid but have yeh seen anythin Ronan Anythin unusual

Mars is bright tonight Ronan repeated while Hagrid watched him impatiently. Unusually bright.

Yeah but I was meanin anythin unusual a bit nearer home said Hagrid. So yeh havent noticed anythin strange

Yet again Ronan took a while to answer. At last he said The forest hides many secrets.

A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again but it was only a second centaur black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan.

Hullo Bane said Hagrid. All right

Good evening Hagrid I hope you are well

Well enough. Look Ive jus bin askin Ronan you seen anythin odd in here lately Theres a unicorn bin injured — would yeh know anythin about it

Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan. He looked skyward.

Mars is bright tonight he said simply.

Weve heard said Hagrid grumpily. Well if either of you do see anythin let me know wont yeh Well be off then.

Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing staring over their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.

Never said Hagrid irritably try an get a straight answer out of a centaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not interested in anythin closern the moon.

Are there many of them in here asked Hermione.

Oh a fair few. . . . Keep themselves to themselves mostly but theyre good enough about turnin up if ever I want a word. Theyre deep mind centaurs . . . they know things . . . jus don let on much.

Dyou think that was a centaur we heard earlier said Harry.

Did that sound like hooves to you Nah if yeh ask me that was whats bin killin the unicorns — never heard anythin like it before.

They walked on through the dense dark trees. Harry kept looking nervously over his shoulder. He had the nasty feeling they were being watched. He was very glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them. They had just passed a bend in the path when Hermione grabbed Hagrids arm.

Hagrid Look Red sparks the others are in trouble

You two wait here Hagrid shouted. Stay on the path Ill come back for yeh

They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other very scared until they couldnt hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.

You dont think theyve been hurt do you whispered Hermione.

I dont care if Malfoy has but if somethings got Neville . . . its our fault hes here in the first place.

The minutes dragged by. Their ears seemed sharper than usual. Harrys seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind every cracking twig. What was going on Where were the others

At last a great crunching noise announced Hagrids return. Malfoy Neville and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy it seemed had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville had panicked and sent up the sparks.

Well be lucky ter catch anythin now with the racket you two were makin. Right were changin groups — Neville you stay with me an Hermione Harry you go with Fang an this idiot. Im sorry Hagrid added in a whisper to Harry but hell have a harder time frightenin you an weve gotta get this done.

So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang. They walked for nearly half an hour deeper and deeper into the forest until the path became almost impossible to follow because the trees were so thick. Harry thought the blood seemed to be getting thicker. There were splashes on the roots of a tree as though the poor creature had been thrashing around in pain close by. Harry could see a clearing ahead through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.

Look — he murmured holding out his arm to stop Malfoy.

Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. They inched closer.

It was the unicorn all right and it was dead. Harry had never seen anything so beautiful and sad. Its long slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on the dark leaves.

Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood. A bush on the edge of the clearing quivered. . . . Then out of the shadows a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast. Harry Malfoy and Fang stood transfixed. The cloaked figure reached the unicorn lowered its head over the wound in the animals side and began to drink its blood.

AAAAAAAAAAARGH

Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted — so did Fang. The hooded figure raised its head and looked right at Harry — unicorn blood was dribbling down its front. It got to its feet and came swiftly toward Harry — he couldnt move for fear.

Then a pain like hed never felt before pierced his head; it was as though his scar were on fire. Half blinded he staggered backward. He heard hooves behind him galloping and something jumped clean over Harry charging at the figure.

The pain in Harrys head was so bad he fell to his knees. It took a minute or two to pass. When he looked up the figure had gone. A centaur was standing over him not Ronan or Bane; this one looked younger; he had white-blond hair and a palomino body.

Are you all right said the centaur pulling Harry to his feet.

Yes — thank you — what was that

The centaur didnt answer. He had astonishingly blue eyes like pale sapphires. He looked carefully at Harry his eyes lingering on the scar that stood out livid on Harrys forehead.

You are the Potter boy he said. You had better get back to Hagrid. The forest is not safe at this time — especially for you. Can you ride It will be quicker this way.

My name is Firenze he added as he lowered himself on to his front legs so that Harry could clamber onto his back.

There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the clearing. Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees their flanks heaving and sweaty.

Firenze Bane thundered. What are you doing You have a human on your back Have you no shame Are you a common mule

Do you realize who this is said Firenze. This is the Potter boy. The quicker he leaves this forest the better.

What have you been telling him growled Bane. Remember Firenze we are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read what is to come in the movements of the planets

Ronan pawed the ground nervously. Im sure Firenze thought he was acting for the best he said in his gloomy voice.

Bane kicked his back legs in anger.

For the best What is that to do with us Centaurs are concerned with what has been foretold It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest

Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger so that Harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on.

Do you not see that unicorn Firenze bellowed at Bane. Do you not understand why it was killed Or have the planets not let you in on that secret I set myself against what is lurking in this forest Bane yes with humans alongside me if I must.

And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could they plunged off into the trees leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.

Harry didnt have a clue what was going on.

Whys Bane so angry he asked. What was that thing you saved me from anyway

Firenze slowed to a walk warned Harry to keep his head bowed in case of low-hanging branches but did not answer Harrys question. They made their way through the trees in silence for so long that Harry thought Firenze didnt want to talk to him anymore. They were passing through a particularly dense patch of trees however when Firenze suddenly stopped.

Harry Potter do you know what unicorn blood is used for

No said Harry startled by the odd question. Weve only used the horn and tail hair in Potions.

That is because it is a monstrous thing to slay a unicorn said Firenze. Only one who has nothing to lose and everything to gain would commit such a crime. The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive even if you are an inch from death but at a terrible price. You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself and you will have but a half-life a cursed life from the moment the blood touches your lips.

Harry stared at the back of Firenzes head which was dappled silver in the moonlight.

But whod be that desperate he wondered aloud. If youre going to be cursed forever deaths better isnt it

It is Firenze agreed unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else — something that will bring you back to full strength and power — something that will mean you can never die. Mr. Potter do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment

The Sorcerers Stone Of course — the Elixir of Life But I dont understand who —

Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power who has clung to life awaiting their chance

It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Harrys heart. Over the rustling of the trees he seemed to hear once more what Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: Some say he died. Codswallop in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die.

Do you mean Harry croaked that was Vol —

Harry Harry are you all right

Hermione was running toward them down the path Hagrid puffing along behind her.

Im fine said Harry hardly knowing what he was saying. The unicorns dead Hagrid its in that clearing back there.

This is where I leave you Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn. You are safe now.

Harry slid off his back.

Good luck Harry Potter said Firenze. The planets have been read wrongly before now even by centaurs. I hope this is one of those times.

He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest leaving Harry shivering behind him.

Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room waiting for them to return. He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake. In a matter of seconds though he was wide-eyed as Harry began to tell him and Hermione what had happened in the forest.

Harry couldnt sit down. He paced up and down in front of the fire. He was still shaking.

Snape wants the Stone for Voldemort . . . and Voldemorts waiting in the forest . . . and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich. . . .

Stop saying the name said Ron in a terrified whisper as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.

Harry wasnt listening.

Firenze saved me but he shouldnt have done so. . . . Bane was furious . . . he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen. . . . They must show that Voldemorts coming back. . . . Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me. . . . I suppose thats written in the stars as well.

Will you stop saying the name Ron hissed.

So all Ive got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone Harry went on feverishly then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off. . . . Well I suppose Banell be happy.

Hermione looked very frightened but she had a word of comfort.

Harry everyone says Dumbledores the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of. With Dumbledore around You-Know-Who wont touch you. Anyway who says the centaurs are right It sounds like fortune-telling to me and Professor McGonagall says thats a very imprecise branch of magic.

The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. They went to bed exhausted their throats sore. But the nights surprises werent over.

When Harry pulled back his sheets he found his Invisibility Cloak folded neatly underneath them. There was a note pinned to it:

Just in case.




