




THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR




In years to come Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting through the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by and there could be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door.

It was sweltering hot especially in the large classroom where they did their written papers. They had been given special new quills for the exams which had been bewitched with an Anti-Cheating spell.

They had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick called them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tap-dance across a desk. Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox — points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was but taken away if it had whiskers. Snape made them all nervous breathing down their necks while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.

Harry did the best he could trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his forehead which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the forest. Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldnt sleep but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.

Maybe it was because they hadnt seen what Harry had seen in the forest or because they didnt have scars burning on their foreheads but Ron and Hermione didnt seem as worried about the Stone as Harry. The idea of Voldemort certainly scared them but he didnt keep visiting them in dreams and they were so busy with their studying they didnt have much time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.

Their very last exam was History of Magic. One hour of answering questions about batty old wizards whod invented self-stirring cauldrons and theyd be free free for a whole wonderful week until their exam results came out. When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment Harry couldnt help cheering with the rest.

That was far easier than I thought it would be said Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds. I neednt have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager.

Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward but Ron said this made him feel ill so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree. The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid which was basking in the warm shallows.

No more studying Ron sighed happily stretching out on the grass. You could look more cheerful Harry weve got a week before we find out how badly weve done theres no need to worry yet.

Harry was rubbing his forehead.

I wish I knew what this means he burst out angrily. My scar keeps hurting — its happened before but never as often as this.

Go to Madam Pomfrey Hermione suggested.

Im not ill said Harry. I think its a warning . . . it means dangers coming. . . .

Ron couldnt get worked up it was too hot.

Harry relax Hermiones right the Stones safe as long as Dumbledores around. Anyway weve never had any proof Snape found out how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped off once hes not going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down.

Harry nodded but he couldnt shake off a lurking feeling that there was something hed forgotten to do something important. When he tried to explain this Hermione said Thats just the exams. I woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I remembered wed done that one.

Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didnt have anything to do with work though. He watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky a note clamped in its mouth. Hagrid was the only one who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore. Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy . . . never . . . but —

Harry suddenly jumped to his feet.

Wherere you going said Ron sleepily.

Ive just thought of something said Harry. He had turned white. Weve got to go and see Hagrid now.

Why panted Hermione hurrying to keep up.

Dont you think its a bit odd said Harry scrambling up the grassy slope that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket How many people wander around with dragon eggs if its against wizard law Lucky they found Hagrid dont you think Why didnt I see it before

What are you talking about said Ron but Harry sprinting across the grounds toward the forest didnt answer.

Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.

Hullo he said smiling. Finished yer exams Got time fer a drink

Yes please said Ron but Harry cut him off.

No were in a hurry. Hagrid Ive got to ask you something. You know that night you won Norbert What did the stranger you were playing cards with look like

Dunno said Hagrid casually he wouldn take his cloak off.

He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows.

Its not that unusual yeh get a lot o funny folk in the Hogs Head — thats one o the pubs down in the village. Mighta bin a dragon dealer mightn he I never saw his face he kept his hood up.

Harry sank down next to the bowl of peas.

What did you talk to him about Hagrid Did you mention Hogwarts at all

Mighta come up said Hagrid frowning as he tried to remember. Yeah . . . he asked what I did an I told him I was gamekeeper here. . . . He asked a bit about the sorta creatures I look after . . . so I told him . . . an I said what Id always really wanted was a dragon . . . an then . . . I can remember too well cause he kept buyin me drinks. . . . Lets see . . . yeah then he said he had the dragon egg an we could play cards fer it if I wanted . . . but he had ter be sure I could handle it he didn want it ter go ter any old home. . . . So I told him after Fluffy a dragon would be easy. . . .

And did he — did he seem interested in Fluffy Harry asked trying to keep his voice calm.

Well — yeah — how many three-headed dogs dyeh meet even around Hogwarts So I told him Fluffys a piece o cake if yeh know how to calm him down jus play him a bit o music an hell go straight off ter sleep —

Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.

I shouldnta told yeh that he blurted out. Forget I said it Hey — wherere yeh goin

Harry Ron and Hermione didnt speak to each other at all until they came to a halt in the entrance hall which seemed very cold and gloomy after the grounds.

Weve got to go to Dumbledore said Harry. Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that cloak — it mustve been easy once hed got Hagrid drunk. I just hope Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us up if Bane doesnt stop him. Wheres Dumbledores office

They looked around as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the right direction. They had never been told where Dumbledore lived nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.

Well just have to — Harry began but a voice suddenly rang across the hall.

What are you three doing inside

It was Professor McGonagall carrying a large pile of books.

We want to see Professor Dumbledore said Hermione rather bravely Harry and Ron thought.

See Professor Dumbledore Professor McGonagall repeated as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do. Why

Harry swallowed — now what

Its sort of secret he said but he wished at once he hadnt because Professor McGonagalls nostrils flared.

Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago she said coldly. He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for London at once.

Hes gone said Harry frantically. Now

Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard Potter he has many demands on his time —

But this is important.

Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic Potter

Look said Harry throwing caution to the winds Professor — its about the Sorcerers Stone —

Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected it wasnt that. The books she was carrying tumbled out of her arms but she didnt pick them up.

How do you know —  she spluttered.

Professor I think — I know — that Sn — that someones going to try and steal the Stone. Ive got to talk to Professor Dumbledore.

She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion.

Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow she said finally. I dont know how you found out about the Stone but rest assured no one can possibly steal it its too well protected.

But Professor —

Potter I know what Im talking about she said shortly. She bent down and gathered up the fallen books. I suggest you all go back outside and enjoy the sunshine.

But they didnt.

Its tonight said Harry once he was sure Professor McGonagall was out of earshot. Snapes going through the trapdoor tonight. Hes found out everything he needs and now hes got Dumbledore out of the way. He sent that note I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when Dumbledore turns up.

But what can we —

Hermione gasped. Harry and Ron wheeled round.

Snape was standing there.

Good afternoon he said smoothly.

They stared at him.

You shouldnt be inside on a day like this he said with an odd twisted smile.

We were — Harry began without any idea what he was going to say.

You want to be more careful said Snape. Hanging around like this people will think youre up to something. And Gryffindor really cant afford to lose any more points can it

Harry flushed. They turned to go outside but Snape called them back.

Be warned Potter — any more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make sure you are expelled. Good day to you.

He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.

Out on the stone steps Harry turned to the others.

Right heres what weve got to do he whispered urgently. One of us has got to keep an eye on Snape — wait outside the staffroom and follow him if he leaves it. Hermione youd better do that.

Why me

Its obvious said Ron. You can pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick you know. He put on a high voice ‘Oh Professor Flitwick Im so worried I think I got question fourteen b wrong. . . .

Oh shut up said Hermione but she agreed to go and watch out for Snape.

And wed better stay outside the third-floor corridor Harry told Ron. Come on.

But that part of the plan didnt work. No sooner had they reached the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up again and this time she lost her temper.

I suppose you think youre harder to get past than a pack of enchantments she stormed. Enough of this nonsense If I hear youve come anywhere near here again Ill take another fifty points from Gryffindor Yes Weasley from my own House

Harry and Ron went back to the common room. Harry had just said At least Hermiones on Snapes tail when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came in.

Im sorry Harry she wailed. Snape came out and asked me what I was doing so I said I was waiting for Flitwick and Snape went to get him and Ive only just got away I dont know where Snape went.

Well thats it then isnt it Harry said.

The other two stared at him. He was pale and his eyes were glittering.

Im going out of here tonight and Im going to try and get to the Stone first.

Youre mad said Ron.

You cant said Hermione. After what McGonagall and Snape have said Youll be expelled

SO WHAT Harry shouted. Dont you understand If Snape gets hold of the Stone Voldemorts coming back Havent you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over There wont be any Hogwarts to get expelled from Hell flatten it or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts Losing points doesnt matter anymore cant you see Dyou think hell leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the House Cup If I get caught before I can get to the Stone well Ill have to go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there its only dying a bit later than I would have because Im never going over to the Dark Side Im going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two say is going to stop me Voldemort killed my parents remember

He glared at them.

Youre right Harry said Hermione in a small voice.

Ill use the Invisibility Cloak said Harry. Its just lucky I got it back.

But will it cover all three of us said Ron.

All — all three of us

Oh come off it you dont think wed let you go alone

Of course not said Hermione briskly. How do you think youd get to the Stone without us Id better go and look through my books there might be something useful. . . .

But if we get caught you two will be expelled too.

Not if I can help it said Hermione grimly. Flitwick told me in secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam. Theyre not throwing me out after that.

After dinner the three of them sat nervously apart in the common room. Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to Harry any more after all. This was the first night he hadnt been upset by it. Hermione was skimming through all her notes hoping to come across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. Harry and Ron didnt talk much. Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do.

Slowly the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.

Better get the Cloak Ron muttered as Lee Jordan finally left stretching and yawning. Harry ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. He pulled out the Cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had given him for Christmas. He pocketed it to use on Fluffy — he didnt feel much like singing.

He ran back down to the common room.

Wed better put the Cloak on here and make sure it covers all three of us — if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own —

What are you doing said a voice from the corner of the room. Neville appeared from behind an armchair clutching Trevor the toad who looked as though hed been making another bid for freedom.

Nothing Neville nothing said Harry hurriedly putting the Cloak behind his back.

Neville stared at their guilty faces.

Youre going out again he said.

No no no said Hermione. No were not. Why dont you go to bed Neville

Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldnt afford to waste any more time Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.

You cant go out said Neville youll be caught again. Gryffindor will be in even more trouble.

You dont understand said Harry this is important.

But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.

I wont let you do it he said hurrying to stand in front of the portrait hole. Ill — Ill fight you

Neville Ron exploded get away from that hole and dont be an idiot —

Dont you call me an idiot said Neville. I dont think you should be breaking any more rules And you were the one who told me to stand up to people

Yes but not to us said Ron in exasperation. Neville you dont know what youre doing.

He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad who leapt out of sight.

Go on then try and hit me said Neville raising his fists. Im ready

Harry turned to Hermione.

Do something he said desperately.

Hermione stepped forward.

Neville she said Im really really sorry about this.

She raised her wand.

Petrificus Totalus she cried pointing it at Neville.

Nevilles arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang together. His whole body rigid he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face stiff as a board.

Hermione ran to turn him over. Nevilles jaws were jammed together so he couldnt speak. Only his eyes were moving looking at them in horror.

Whatve you done to him Harry whispered.

Its the full Body-Bind said Hermione miserably. Oh Neville Im so sorry.

We had to Neville no time to explain said Harry.

Youll understand later Neville said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the Invisibility Cloak.

But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didnt feel like a very good omen. In their nervous state every statues shadow looked like Filch every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping down on them.

At the foot of the first set of stairs they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.

Oh lets kick her just this once Ron whispered in Harrys ear but Harry shook his head. As they climbed carefully around her Mrs. Norris turned her lamplike eyes on them but didnt do anything.

They didnt meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the third floor. Peeves was bobbing halfway up loosening the carpet so that people would trip.

Whos there he said suddenly as they climbed toward him. He narrowed his wicked black eyes. Know youre there even if I cant see you. Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie

He rose up in the air and floated there squinting at them.

Should call Filch I should if somethings a-creeping around unseen.

Harry had a sudden idea.

Peeves he said in a hoarse whisper the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible.

Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He caught himself in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs.

So sorry your bloodiness Mr. Baron sir he said greasily. My mistake my mistake — I didnt see you — of course I didnt youre invisible — forgive old Peevsie his little joke sir.

I have business here Peeves croaked Harry. Stay away from this place tonight.

I will sir I most certainly will said Peeves rising up in the air again. Hope your business goes well Baron Ill not bother you.

And he scooted off.

Brilliant Harry whispered Ron.

A few seconds later they were there outside the third-floor corridor — and the door was already ajar.

Well there you are Harry said quietly Snapes already got past Fluffy.

Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was facing them. Underneath the Cloak Harry turned to the other two.

If you want to go back I wont blame you he said. You can take the Cloak I wont need it now.

Dont be stupid said Ron.

Were coming said Hermione.

Harry pushed the door open.

As the door creaked low rumbling growls met their ears. All three of the dogs noses sniffed madly in their direction even though it couldnt see them.

Whats that at its feet Hermione whispered.

Looks like a harp said Ron. Snape must have left it there.

It must wake up the moment you stop playing said Harry. Well here goes . . .

He put Hagrids flute to his lips and blew. It wasnt really a tune but from the first note the beasts eyes began to droop. Harry hardly drew breath. Slowly the dogs growls ceased — it tottered on its paws and fell to its knees then it slumped to the ground fast asleep.

Keep playing Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the Cloak and crept toward the trapdoor. They could feel the dogs hot smelly breath as they approached the giant heads.

I think well be able to pull the door open said Ron peering over the dogs back. Want to go first Hermione

No I dont

All right. Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dogs legs. He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor which swung up and open.

What can you see Hermione said anxiously.

Nothing — just black — theres no way of climbing down well just have to drop.

Harry who was still playing the flute waved at Ron to get his attention and pointed at himself.

You want to go first Are you sure said Ron. I dont know how deep this thing goes. Give the flute to Hermione so she can keep him asleep.

Harry handed the flute over. In the few seconds silence the dog growled and twitched but the moment Hermione began to play it fell back into its deep sleep.

Harry climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor. There was no sign of the bottom.

He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his fingertips. Then he looked up at Ron and said If anything happens to me dont follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore right

Right said Ron.

See you in a minute I hope. . . .

And Harry let go. Cold damp air rushed past him as he fell down down down and —

FLUMP. With a funny muffled sort of thump he landed on something soft. He sat up and felt around his eyes not used to the gloom. It felt as though he was sitting on some sort of plant.

Its okay he called up to the light the size of a postage stamp which was the open trapdoor its a soft landing you can jump

Ron followed right away. He landed sprawled next to Harry.

Whats this stuff were his first words.

Dunno some sort of plant thing. I suppose its here to break the fall. Come on Hermione

The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog but Hermione had already jumped. She landed on Harrys other side.

We must be miles under the school she said.

Lucky this plant things here really said Ron.

Lucky shrieked Hermione. Look at you both

She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. She had to struggle because the moment she had landed the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around her ankles. As for Harry and Ron their legs had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.

Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on her. Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant off them but the more they strained against it the tighter and faster the plant wound around them.

Stop moving Hermione ordered them. I know what this is — its Devils Snare

Oh Im so glad we know what its called thats a great help snarled Ron leaning back trying to stop the plant from curling around his neck.

Shut up Im trying to remember how to kill it said Hermione.

Well hurry up I cant breathe Harry gasped wrestling with it as it curled around his chest.

Devils Snare Devils Snare . . . what did Professor Sprout say — it likes the dark and the damp —

So light a fire Harry choked.

Yes — of course — but theres no wood Hermione cried wringing her hands.

HAVE YOU GONE MAD Ron bellowed. ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT

Oh right said Hermione and she whipped out her wand waved it muttered something and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant. In a matter of seconds the two boys felt it loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth. Wriggling and flailing it unraveled itself from their bodies and they were able to pull free.

Lucky you pay attention in Herbology Hermione said Harry as he joined her by the wall wiping sweat off his face.

Yeah said Ron and lucky Harry doesnt lose his head in a crisis —‘theres no wood honestly.

This way said Harry pointing down a stone passageway which was the only way forward.

All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls. The passageway sloped downward and Harry was reminded of Gringotts. With an unpleasant jolt of the heart he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards bank. If they met a dragon a fully-grown dragon — Norbert had been bad enough . . .

Can you hear something Ron whispered.

Harry listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead.

Do you think its a ghost

I dont know . . . sounds like wings to me.

Theres light ahead — I can see something moving.

They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber its ceiling arching high above them. It was full of small jewel-bright birds fluttering and tumbling all around the room. On the opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door.

Do you think theyll attack us if we cross the room said Ron.

Probably said Harry. They dont look very vicious but I suppose if they all swooped down at once . . . well theres no other choice . . . Ill run.

He took a deep breath covered his face with his arms and sprinted across the room. He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at him any second but nothing happened. He reached the door untouched. He pulled the handle but it was locked.

The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door but it wouldnt budge not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora Charm.

Now what said Ron.

These birds . . . they cant be here just for decoration said Hermione.

They watched the birds soaring overhead glittering — glittering

Theyre not birds Harry said suddenly. Theyre keys Winged keys — look carefully. So that must mean . . . he looked around the chamber while the other two squinted up at the flock of keys. . . . yes — look Broomsticks Weve got to catch the key to the door

But there are hundreds of them

Ron examined the lock on the door.

Were looking for a big old-fashioned one — probably silver like the handle.

They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys. They grabbed and snatched but the bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to catch one.

Not for nothing though was Harry the youngest Seeker in a century. He had a knack for spotting things other people didnt. After a minutes weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers he noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing as if it had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole.

That one he called to the others. That big one — there — no there — with bright blue wings — the feathers are all crumpled on one side.

Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing crashed into the ceiling and nearly fell off his broom.

Weve got to close in on it Harry called not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing. Ron you come at it from above — Hermione stay below and stop it from going down — and Ill try and catch it. Right NOW

Ron dived Hermione rocketed upward the key dodged them both and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall Harry leaned forward and with a nasty crunching noise pinned it against the stone with one hand. Ron and Hermiones cheers echoed around the high chamber.

They landed quickly and Harry ran to the door the key struggling in his hand. He rammed it into the lock and turned — it worked. The moment the lock had clicked open the key took flight again looking very battered now that it had been caught twice.

Ready Harry asked the other two his hand on the door handle. They nodded. He pulled the door open.

The next chamber was so dark they couldnt see anything at all. But as they stepped into it light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.

They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard behind the black chessmen which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone. Facing them way across the chamber were the white pieces. Harry Ron and Hermione shivered slightly — the towering white chessmen had no faces.

Now what do we do Harry whispered.

Its obvious isnt it said Ron. Weve got to play our way across the room.

Behind the white pieces they could see another door.

How said Hermione nervously.

I think said Ron were going to have to be chessmen.

He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the knights horse. At once the stone sprang to life. The horse pawed the ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron.

Do we — er — have to join you to get across

The black knight nodded. Ron turned to the other two.

This needs thinking about. . . . he said. I suppose weve got to take the place of three of the black pieces. . . .

Harry and Hermione stayed quiet watching Ron think. Finally he said Now dont be offended or anything but neither of you are that good at chess —

Were not offended said Harry quickly. Just tell us what to do.

Well Harry you take the place of that bishop and Hermione you go there instead of that castle.

What about you

Im going to be a knight said Ron.

The chessmen seemed to have been listening because at these words a knight a bishop and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces and walked off the board leaving three empty squares that Harry Ron and Hermione took.

White always plays first in chess said Ron peering across the board. Yes . . . look . . .

A white pawn had moved forward two squares.

Ron started to direct the black pieces. They moved silently wherever he sent them. Harrys knees were trembling. What if they lost

Harry — move diagonally four squares to the right.

Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken. The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board where he lay quite still facedown.

Had to let that happen said Ron looking shaken. Leaves you free to take that bishop Hermione go on.

Every time one of their men was lost the white pieces showed no mercy. Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall. Twice Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in danger. He himself darted around the board taking almost as many white pieces as they had lost black ones.

Were nearly there he muttered suddenly. Let me think — let me think . . .

The white queen turned her blank face toward him.

Yes . . . said Ron softly its the only way . . . Ive got to be taken.

NO Harry and Hermione shouted.

Thats chess snapped Ron. Youve got to make some sacrifices Ill make my move and shell take me — that leaves you free to checkmate the king Harry

But —

Do you want to stop Snape or not

Ron —

Look if you dont hurry up hell already have the Stone

There was no alternative.

Ready Ron called his face pale but determined. Here I go — now dont hang around once youve won.

He stepped forward and the white queen pounced. She struck Ron hard across the head with her stone arm and he crashed to the floor — Hermione screamed but stayed on her square — the white queen dragged Ron to one side. He looked as if hed been knocked out.

Shaking Harry moved three spaces to the left.

The white king took off his crown and threw it at Harrys feet. They had won. The chessmen parted and bowed leaving the door ahead clear. With one last desperate look back at Ron Harry and Hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway.

What if hes — 

Hell be all right said Harry trying to convince himself. What do you reckons next

Weve had Sprouts that was the Devils Snare; Flitwick mustve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrells spell and Snapes . . .

They had reached another door.

All right Harry whispered.

Go on.

Harry pushed it open.

A disgusting smell filled their nostrils making both of them pull their robes up over their noses. Eyes watering they saw flat on the floor in front of them a troll even larger than the one they had tackled out cold with a bloody lump on its head.

Im glad we didnt have to fight that one Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs. Come on I cant breathe.

He pulled open the next door both of them hardly daring to look at what came next — but there was nothing very frightening in here just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.

Snapes said Harry. What do we have to do

They stepped over the threshold and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway. It wasnt ordinary fire either; it was purple. At the same instant black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward. They were trapped.

Look Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:

Danger lies before you while safety lies behind

Two of us will help you whichever you would find

One among us seven will let you move ahead

Another will transport the drinker back instead

Two among our number hold only nettle wine

Three of us are killers waiting hidden in line.

Choose unless you wish to stay here forevermore

To help you in your choice we give you these clues four:

First however slyly the poison tries to hide

You will always find some on nettle wines left side;

Second different are those who stand at either end

But if you would move onward neither is your friend;

Third as you see clearly all are different size

Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;

Fourth the second left and the second on the right

Are twins once you taste them though different at first sight.





Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry amazed saw that she was smiling the very last thing he felt like doing.

Brilliant said Hermione. This isnt magic — its logic — a puzzle. A lot of the greatest wizards havent got an ounce of logic theyd be stuck in here forever.

But so will we wont we

Of course not said Hermione. Everything we need is here on this paper. Seven bottles: three are poison; two are wine; one will get us safely through the black fire and one will get us back through the purple.

But how do we know which to drink

Give me a minute.

Hermione read the paper several times. Then she walked up and down the line of bottles muttering to herself and pointing at them. At last she clapped her hands.

Got it she said. The smallest bottle will get us through the black fire — toward the Stone.

Harry looked at the tiny bottle.

Theres only enough there for one of us he said. Thats hardly one swallow.

They looked at each other.

Which one will get you back through the purple flames

Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.

You drink that said Harry. No listen get back and get Ron. Grab brooms from the flying-key room theyll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy — go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while but Im no match for him really.

But Harry — what if You-Know-Whos with him

Well — I was lucky once wasnt I said Harry pointing at his scar. I might get lucky again.

Hermiones lip trembled and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her arms around him.

Hermione

Harry — youre a great wizard you know.

Im not as good as you said Harry very embarrassed as she let go of him.

Me said Hermione. Books And cleverness There are more important things — friendship and bravery and — oh Harry — be careful

You drink first said Harry. You are sure which is which arent you

Positive said Hermione. She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end and shuddered.

Its not poison said Harry anxiously.

No — but its like ice.

Quick go before it wears off.

Good luck — take care —

GO

Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.

Harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle. He turned to face the black flames.

Here I come he said and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.

It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body. He put the bottle down and walked forward; he braced himself saw the black flames licking his body but couldnt feel them — for a moment he could see nothing but dark fire — then he was on the other side in the last chamber.

There was already someone there — but it wasnt Snape. It wasnt even Voldemort.




