




AUNT MARGES BIG MISTAKE




Harry went down to breakfast the next morning to find the three Dursleys already sitting around the kitchen table. They were watching a brand-new television a welcome-home-for-the-summer present for Dudley who had been complaining loudly about the long walk between the fridge and the television in the living room. Dudley had spent most of the summer in the kitchen his piggy little eyes fixed on the screen and his five chins wobbling as he ate continually.

Harry sat down between Dudley and Uncle Vernon a large beefy man with very little neck and a lot of mustache. Far from wishing Harry a happy birthday none of the Dursleys made any sign that they had noticed Harry enter the room but Harry was far too used to this to care. He helped himself to a piece of toast and then looked up at the reporter on the television who was halfway through a report on an escaped convict:

. . . The public is warned that Black is armed and extremely dangerous. A special hot line has been set up and any sighting of Black should be reported immediately.

No need to tell us hes no good snorted Uncle Vernon staring over the top of his newspaper at the prisoner. Look at the state of him the filthy layabout Look at his hair

He shot a nasty look sideways at Harry whose untidy hair had always been a source of great annoyance to Uncle Vernon. Compared to the man on the television however whose gaunt face was surrounded by a matted elbow-length tangle Harry felt very well groomed indeed.

The reporter had reappeared.

The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries will announce today —

Hang on barked Uncle Vernon staring furiously at the reporter. You didnt tell us where that maniacs escaped from What use is that Lunatic could be coming up the street right now

Aunt Petunia who was bony and horse-faced whipped around and peered intently out of the kitchen window. Harry knew Aunt Petunia would simply love to be the one to call the hot line number. She was the nosiest woman in the world and spent most of her life spying on the boring law-abiding neighbors.

When will they learn said Uncle Vernon pounding the table with his large purple fist that hangings the only way to deal with these people

Very true said Aunt Petunia who was still squinting into next doors runner beans.

Uncle Vernon drained his teacup glanced at his watch and added Id better be off in a minute Petunia. Marges train gets in at ten.

Harry whose thoughts had been upstairs with the Broomstick Servicing Kit was brought back to earth with an unpleasant bump.

Aunt Marge he blurted out. Sh — shes not coming here is she

Aunt Marge was Uncle Vernons sister. Even though she was not a blood relative of Harrys (whose mother had been Aunt Petunias sister) he had been forced to call her Aunt all his life. Aunt Marge lived in the country in a house with a large garden where she bred bulldogs. She didnt often stay at Privet Drive because she couldnt bear to leave her precious dogs but each of her visits stood out horribly vividly in Harrys mind.

At Dudleys fifth birthday party Aunt Marge had whacked Harry around the shins with her walking stick to stop him from beating Dudley at musical statues. A few years later she had turned up at Christmas with a computerized robot for Dudley and a box of dog biscuits for Harry. On her last visit the year before Harry started at Hogwarts Harry had accidentally trodden on the tail of her favorite dog. Ripper had chased Harry out into the garden and up a tree and Aunt Marge had refused to call him off until past midnight. The memory of this incident still brought tears of laughter to Dudleys eyes.

Margell be here for a week Uncle Vernon snarled and while were on the subject — he pointed a fat finger threateningly at Harry — we need to get a few things straight before I go and collect her.

Dudley smirked and withdrew his gaze from the television. Watching Harry being bullied by Uncle Vernon was Dudleys favorite form of entertainment.

Firstly growled Uncle Vernon youll keep a civil tongue in your head when youre talking to Marge.

All right said Harry bitterly if she does when shes talking to me.

Secondly said Uncle Vernon acting as though he had not heard Harrys reply as Marge doesnt know anything about your abnormality I dont want any — any funny stuff while shes here. You behave yourself got me

I will if she does said Harry through gritted teeth.

And thirdly said Uncle Vernon his mean little eyes now slits in his great purple face weve told Marge you attend St. Brutuss Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys.

What Harry yelled.

And youll be sticking to that story boy or therell be trouble spat Uncle Vernon.

Harry sat there white-faced and furious staring at Uncle Vernon hardly able to believe it. Aunt Marge coming for a week-long visit — it was the worst birthday present the Dursleys had ever given him including that pair of Uncle Vernons old socks.

Well Petunia said Uncle Vernon getting heavily to his feet Ill be off to the station then. Want to come along for the ride Dudders

No said Dudley whose attention had returned to the television now that Uncle Vernon had finished threatening Harry.

Duddys got to make himself smart for his auntie said Aunt Petunia smoothing Dudleys thick blond hair. Mummys bought him a lovely new bow tie.

Uncle Vernon clapped Dudley on his porky shoulder.

See you in a bit then he said and he left the kitchen.

Harry who had been sitting in a kind of horrified trance had a sudden idea. Abandoning his toast he got quickly to his feet and followed Uncle Vernon to the front door.

Uncle Vernon was pulling on his car coat.

Im not taking you he snarled as he turned to see Harry watching him.

Like I wanted to come said Harry coldly. I want to ask you something.

Uncle Vernon eyed him suspiciously.

Third years at Hog — at my school are allowed to visit the village sometimes said Harry.

So snapped Uncle Vernon taking his car keys from a hook next to the door.

I need you to sign the permission form said Harry in a rush.

And why should I do that sneered Uncle Vernon.

Well said Harry choosing his words carefully itll be hard work pretending to Aunt Marge I go to that St. Whatsits —

St. Brutuss Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys bellowed Uncle Vernon and Harry was pleased to hear a definite note of panic in Uncle Vernons voice.

Exactly said Harry looking calmly up into Uncle Vernons large purple face. Its a lot to remember. Ill have to make it sound convincing wont I What if I accidentally let something slip

Youll get the stuffing knocked out of you wont you roared Uncle Vernon advancing on Harry with his fist raised. But Harry stood his ground.

Knocking the stuffing out of me wont make Aunt Marge forget what I could tell her he said grimly.

Uncle Vernon stopped his fist still raised his face an ugly puce.

But if you sign my permission form Harry went on quickly I swear Ill remember where Im supposed to go to school and Ill act like a Mug — like Im normal and everything.

Harry could tell that Uncle Vernon was thinking it over even if his teeth were bared and a vein was throbbing in his temple.

Right he snapped finally. I shall monitor your behavior carefully during Marges visit. If at the end of it youve toed the line and kept to the story Ill sign your ruddy form.

He wheeled around pulled open the front door and slammed it so hard that one of the little panes of glass at the top fell out.

Harry didnt return to the kitchen. He went back upstairs to his bedroom. If he was going to act like a real Muggle hed better start now. Slowly and sadly he gathered up all his presents and his birthday cards and hid them under the loose floorboard with his homework. Then he went to Hedwigs cage. Errol seemed to have recovered; he and Hedwig were both asleep heads under their wings. Harry sighed then poked them both awake.

Hedwig he said gloomily youre going to have to clear off for a week. Go with Errol. Ronll look after you. Ill write him a note explaining. And dont look at me like that — Hedwigs large amber eyes were reproachful — its not my fault. Its the only way Ill be allowed to visit Hogsmeade with Ron and Hermione.

Ten minutes later Errol and Hedwig (who had a note to Ron bound to her leg) soared out of the window and out of sight. Harry now feeling thoroughly miserable put the empty cage away inside the wardrobe.

But Harry didnt have long to brood. In next to no time Aunt Petunia was shrieking up the stairs for Harry to come down and get ready to welcome their guest.

Do something about your hair Aunt Petunia snapped as he reached the hall.

Harry couldnt see the point of trying to make his hair lie flat. Aunt Marge loved criticizing him so the untidier he looked the happier she would be.

All too soon there was a crunch of gravel outside as Uncle Vernons car pulled back into the driveway then the clunk of the car doors and footsteps on the garden path.

Get the door Aunt Petunia hissed at Harry.

A feeling of great gloom in his stomach Harry pulled the door open.

On the threshold stood Aunt Marge. She was very like Uncle Vernon: Large beefy and purple-faced she even had a mustache though not as bushy as his. In one hand she held an enormous suitcase and tucked under the other was an old and evil-tempered bulldog.

Wheres my Dudders roared Aunt Marge. Wheres my neffy-poo

Dudley came waddling down the hall his blond hair plastered flat to his fat head a bow tie just visible under his many chins. Aunt Marge thrust the suitcase into Harrys stomach knocking the wind out of him seized Dudley in a tight one-armed hug and planted a large kiss on his cheek.

Harry knew perfectly well that Dudley only put up with Aunt Marges hugs because he was well paid for it and sure enough when they broke apart Dudley had a crisp twenty-pound note clutched in his fat fist.

Petunia shouted Aunt Marge striding past Harry as though he was a hat stand. Aunt Marge and Aunt Petunia kissed or rather Aunt Marge bumped her large jaw against Aunt Petunias bony cheekbone.

Uncle Vernon now came in smiling jovially as he shut the door.

Tea Marge he said. And what will Ripper take

Ripper can have some tea out of my saucer said Aunt Marge as they all trooped into the kitchen leaving Harry alone in the hall with the suitcase. But Harry wasnt complaining; any excuse not to be with Aunt Marge was fine by him so he began to heave the case upstairs into the spare bedroom taking as long as he could.

By the time he got back to the kitchen Aunt Marge had been supplied with tea and fruitcake and Ripper was lapping noisily in the corner. Harry saw Aunt Petunia wince slightly as specks of tea and drool flecked her clean floor. Aunt Petunia hated animals.

Whos looking after the other dogs Marge Uncle Vernon asked.

Oh Ive got Colonel Fubster managing them boomed Aunt Marge. Hes retired now good for him to have something to do. But I couldnt leave poor old Ripper. He pines if hes away from me.

Ripper began to growl again as Harry sat down. This directed Aunt Marges attention to Harry for the first time.

So she barked. Still here are you

Yes said Harry.

Dont you say ‘yes in that ungrateful tone Aunt Marge growled. Its damn good of Vernon and Petunia to keep you. Wouldnt have done it myself. Youd have gone straight to an orphanage if youd been dumped on my doorstep.

Harry was bursting to say that hed rather live in an orphanage than with the Dursleys but the thought of the Hogsmeade form stopped him. He forced his face into a painful smile.

Dont you smirk at me boomed Aunt Marge. I can see you havent improved since I last saw you. I hoped school would knock some manners into you. She took a large gulp of tea wiped her mustache and said Where is it that you send him again Vernon

St. Brutuss said Uncle Vernon promptly. Its a first-rate institution for hopeless cases.

I see said Aunt Marge. Do they use the cane at St. Brutuss boy she barked across the table.

Er —

Uncle Vernon nodded curtly behind Aunt Marges back.

Yes said Harry. Then feeling he might as well do the thing properly he added All the time.

Excellent said Aunt Marge. I wont have this namby-pamby wishy-washy nonsense about not hitting people who deserve it. A good thrashing is whats needed in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred. Have you been beaten often

Oh yeah said Harry loads of times.

Aunt Marge narrowed her eyes.

I still dont like your tone boy she said. If you can speak of your beatings in that casual way they clearly arent hitting you hard enough. Petunia Id write if I were you. Make it clear that you approve the use of extreme force in this boys case.

Perhaps Uncle Vernon was worried that Harry might forget their bargain; in any case he changed the subject abruptly.

Heard the news this morning Marge What about that escaped prisoner eh

As Aunt Marge started to make herself at home Harry caught himself thinking almost longingly of life at number four without her. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia usually encouraged Harry to stay out of their way which Harry was only too happy to do. Aunt Marge on the other hand wanted Harry under her eye at all times so that she could boom out suggestions for his improvement. She delighted in comparing Harry with Dudley and took huge pleasure in buying Dudley expensive presents while glaring at Harry as though daring him to ask why he hadnt got a present too. She also kept throwing out dark hints about what made Harry such an unsatisfactory person.

You mustnt blame yourself for the way the boys turned out Vernon she said over lunch on the third day. If theres something rotten on the inside theres nothing anyone can do about it.

Harry tried to concentrate on his food but his hands shook and his face was starting to burn with anger. Remember the form he told himself. Think about Hogsmeade. Dont say anything. Dont rise —

Aunt Marge reached for her glass of wine.

Its one of the basic rules of breeding she said. You see it all the time with dogs. If theres something wrong with the bitch therell be something wrong with the pup —

At that moment the wineglass Aunt Marge was holding exploded in her hand. Shards of glass flew in every direction and Aunt Marge sputtered and blinked her great ruddy face dripping.

Marge squealed Aunt Petunia. Marge are you all right

Not to worry grunted Aunt Marge mopping her face with her napkin. Must have squeezed it too hard. Did the same thing at Colonel Fubsters the other day. No need to fuss Petunia I have a very firm grip . . .

But Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon were both looking at Harry suspiciously so he decided hed better skip dessert and escape from the table as soon as he could.

Outside in the hall he leaned against the wall breathing deeply. It had been a long time since hed lost control and made something explode. He couldnt afford to let it happen again. The Hogsmeade form wasnt the only thing at stake — if he carried on like that hed be in trouble with the Ministry of Magic.

Harry was still an underage wizard and he was forbidden by wizard law to do magic outside school. His record wasnt exactly clean either. Only last summer hed gotten an official warning that had stated quite clearly that if the Ministry got wind of any more magic in Privet Drive Harry would face expulsion from Hogwarts.

He heard the Dursleys leaving the table and hurried upstairs out of the way.

Harry got through the next three days by forcing himself to think about his Handbook of Do-It-Yourself Broomcare whenever Aunt Marge started on him. This worked quite well though it seemed to give him a glazed look because Aunt Marge started voicing the opinion that he was mentally subnormal.

At last at long last the final evening of Marges stay arrived. Aunt Petunia cooked a fancy dinner and Uncle Vernon uncorked several bottles of wine. They got all the way through the soup and the salmon without a single mention of Harrys faults; during the lemon meringue pie Uncle Vernon bored them all with a long talk about Grunnings his drill-making company; then Aunt Petunia made coffee and Uncle Vernon brought out a bottle of brandy.

Can I tempt you Marge

Aunt Marge had already had quite a lot of wine. Her huge face was very red.

Just a small one then she chuckled. A bit more than that . . . and a bit more . . . thats the ticket.

Dudley was eating his fourth slice of pie. Aunt Petunia was sipping coffee with her little finger sticking out. Harry really wanted to disappear into his bedroom but he met Uncle Vernons angry little eyes and knew he would have to sit it out.

Aah said Aunt Marge smacking her lips and putting the empty brandy glass back down. Excellent nosh Petunia. Its normally just a fry-up for me of an evening with twelve dogs to look after. . . . She burped richly and patted her great tweed stomach. Pardon me. But I do like to see a healthy-sized boy she went on winking at Dudley. Youll be a proper-sized man Dudders like your father. Yes Ill have a spot more brandy Vernon. . . .

Now this one here —

She jerked her head at Harry who felt his stomach clench. The Handbook he thought quickly.

This ones got a mean runty look about him. You get that with dogs. I had Colonel Fubster drown one last year. Ratty little thing it was. Weak. Underbred.

Harry was trying to remember page twelve of his book: A Charm to Cure Reluctant Reversers.

It all comes down to blood as I was saying the other day. Bad blood will out. Now Im saying nothing against your family Petunia — she patted Aunt Petunias bony hand with her shovel-like one — but your sister was a bad egg. They turn up in the best families. Then she ran off with a wastrel and heres the result right in front of us.

Harry was staring at his plate a funny ringing in his ears. Grasp your broom firmly by the tail he thought. But he couldnt remember what came next. Aunt Marges voice seemed to be boring into him like one of Uncle Vernons drills.

This Potter said Aunt Marge loudly seizing the brandy bottle and splashing more into her glass and over the tablecloth you never told me what he did

Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia were looking extremely tense. Dudley had even looked up from his pie to gape at his parents.

He — didnt work said Uncle Vernon with half a glance at Harry. Unemployed.

As I expected said Aunt Marge taking a huge swig of brandy and wiping her chin on her sleeve. A no-account good-for-nothing lazy scrounger who —

He was not said Harry suddenly. The table went very quiet. Harry was shaking all over. He had never felt so angry in his life.

MORE BRANDY yelled Uncle Vernon who had gone very white. He emptied the bottle into Aunt Marges glass. You boy he snarled at Harry. Go to bed go on —

No Vernon hiccuped Aunt Marge holding up a hand her tiny bloodshot eyes fixed on Harrys. Go on boy go on. Proud of your parents are you They go and get themselves killed in a car crash (drunk I expect) —

They didnt die in a car crash said Harry who found himself on his feet.

They died in a car crash you nasty little liar and left you to be a burden on their decent hardworking relatives screamed Aunt Marge swelling with fury. You are an insolent ungrateful little —

But Aunt Marge suddenly stopped speaking. For a moment it looked as though words had failed her. She seemed to be swelling with inexpressible anger — but the swelling didnt stop. Her great red face started to expand her tiny eyes bulged and her mouth stretched too tightly for speech — next second several buttons had just burst from her tweed jacket and pinged off the walls — she was inflating like a monstrous balloon her stomach bursting free of her tweed waistband each of her fingers blowing up like a salami —

MARGE yelled Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia together as Aunt Marges whole body began to rise off her chair toward the ceiling. She was entirely round now like a vast life buoy with piggy eyes and her hands and feet stuck out weirdly as she drifted up into the air making apoplectic popping noises. Ripper came skidding into the room barking madly.

NOOOOOOO

Uncle Vernon seized one of Marges feet and tried to pull her down again but was almost lifted from the floor himself. A second later Ripper leapt forward and sank his teeth into Uncle Vernons leg.

Harry tore from the dining room before anyone could stop him heading for the cupboard under the stairs. The cupboard door burst magically open as he reached it. In seconds he had heaved his trunk to the front door. He sprinted upstairs and threw himself under the bed wrenching up the loose floorboard and grabbed the pillowcase full of his books and birthday presents. He wriggled out seized Hedwigs empty cage and dashed back downstairs to his trunk just as Uncle Vernon burst out of the dining room his trouser leg in bloody tatters.

COME BACK IN HERE he bellowed. COME BACK AND PUT HER RIGHT

But a reckless rage had come over Harry. He kicked his trunk open pulled out his wand and pointed it at Uncle Vernon.

She deserved it Harry said breathing very fast. She deserved what she got. You keep away from me.

He fumbled behind him for the latch on the door.

Im going Harry said. Ive had enough.

And in the next moment he was out in the dark quiet street heaving his heavy trunk behind him Hedwigs cage under his arm.




