




THE LEAKY CAULDRON




It took Harry several days to get used to his strange new freedom. Never before had he been able to get up whenever he wanted or eat whatever he fancied. He could even go wherever he pleased as long as it was in Diagon Alley and as this long cobbled street was packed with the most fascinating Wizarding shops in the world Harry felt no desire to break his word to Fudge and stray back into the Muggle world.

Harry ate breakfast each morning in the Leaky Cauldron where he liked watching the other guests: funny little witches from the country up for a days shopping; venerable-looking wizards arguing over the latest article in Transfiguration Today; wild-looking warlocks; raucous dwarfs; and once what looked suspiciously like a hag who ordered a plate of raw liver from behind a thick woollen balaclava.

After breakfast Harry would go out into the backyard take out his wand tap the third brick from the left above the trash bin and stand back as the archway into Diagon Alley opened in the wall.

Harry spent the long sunny days exploring the shops and eating under the brightly colored umbrellas outside cafés where his fellow diners were showing one another their purchases (Its a lunascope old boy — no more messing around with moon charts see) or else discussing the case of Sirius Black (Personally I wont let any of the children out alone until hes back in Azkaban). Harry didnt have to do his homework under the blankets by flashlight anymore; now he could sit in the bright sunshine outside Florean Fortescues Ice Cream Parlor finishing all his essays with occasional help from Florean Fortescue himself who apart from knowing a great deal about medieval witch burnings gave Harry free sundaes every half an hour.

Once Harry had refilled his money bag with gold Galleons silver Sickles and bronze Knuts from his vault at Gringotts he had to exercise a lot of self-control not to spend the whole lot at once. He had to keep reminding himself that he had five years to go at Hogwarts and how it would feel to ask the Dursleys for money for spellbooks to stop himself from buying a handsome set of solid gold Gobstones (a Wizarding game rather like marbles in which the stones squirt a nasty-smelling liquid into the other players face when they lose a point). He was sorely tempted too by the perfect moving model of the galaxy in a large glass ball which would have meant he never had to take another Astronomy lesson. But the thing that tested Harrys resolution most appeared in his favorite shop Quality Quidditch Supplies a week after hed arrived at the Leaky Cauldron.

Curious to know what the crowd in the shop was staring at Harry edged his way inside and squeezed in among the excited witches and wizards until he glimpsed a newly erected podium on which was mounted the most magnificent broom he had ever seen in his life.

Just come out — prototype — a square-jawed wizard was telling his companion.

Its the fastest broom in the world isnt it Dad squeaked a boy younger than Harry who was swinging off his fathers arm.

Irish International Sides just put in an order for seven of these beauties the proprietor of the shop told the crowd. And theyre favorites for the World Cup

A large witch in front of Harry moved and he was able to read the sign next to the broom:





THE FIREBOLT


This state-of-the-art racing broom sports a streamlined superfine handle of ash treated with a diamond-hard polish and hand-numbered with its own registration number. Each individually selected birch twig in the broomtail has been honed to aerodynamic perfection giving the Firebolt unsurpassable balance and pinpoint precision. The Firebolt has an acceleration of 150 miles an hour in ten seconds and incorporates an unbreakable Braking Charm. Price on request.





Price on request . . . Harry didnt like to think how much gold the Firebolt would cost. He had never wanted anything as much in his whole life — but he had never lost a Quidditch match on his Nimbus Two Thousand and what was the point in emptying his Gringotts vault for the Firebolt when he had a very good broom already Harry didnt ask for the price but he returned almost every day after that just to look at the Firebolt.

There were however things that Harry needed to buy. He went to the Apothecary to replenish his store of potions ingredients and as his school robes were now several inches too short in the arm and leg he visited Madam Malkins Robes for All Occasions and bought new ones. Most important of all he had to buy his new schoolbooks which would include those for his two new subjects Care of Magical Creatures and Divination.

Harry got a surprise as he looked in at the bookshop window. Instead of the usual display of gold-embossed spellbooks the size of paving slabs there was a large iron cage behind the glass that held about a hundred copies of The Monster Book of Monsters. Torn pages were flying everywhere as the books grappled with each other locked together in furious wrestling matches and snapping aggressively.

Harry pulled his booklist out of his pocket and consulted it for the first time. The Monster Book of Monsters was listed as the required book for Care of Magical Creatures. Now Harry understood why Hagrid had said it would come in useful. He felt relieved; he had been wondering whether Hagrid wanted help with some terrifying new pet.

As Harry entered Flourish and Blotts the manager came hurrying toward him.

Hogwarts he said abruptly. Come to get your new books

Yes said Harry I need —

Get out of the way said the manager impatiently brushing Harry aside. He drew on a pair of very thick gloves picked up a large knobbly walking stick and proceeded toward the door of the Monster Books cage.

Hang on said Harry quickly Ive already got one of those.

Have you A look of enormous relief spread over the managers face. Thank heavens for that. Ive been bitten five times already this morning —

A loud ripping noise rent the air; two of the Monster Books had seized a third and were pulling it apart.

Stop it Stop it cried the manager poking the walking stick through the bars and knocking the books apart. Im never stocking them again never Its been bedlam I thought wed seen the worst when we bought two hundred copies of the Invisible Book of Invisibility — cost a fortune and we never found them. . . . Well . . . is there anything else I can help you with

Yes said Harry looking down his booklist I need Unfogging the Future by Cassandra Vablatsky.

Ah starting Divination are you said the manager stripping off his gloves and leading Harry into the back of the shop where there was a corner devoted to fortune-telling. A small table was stacked with volumes such as Predicting the Unpredictable: Insulate Yourself Against Shocks and Broken Balls: When Fortunes Turn Foul.

Here you are said the manager who had climbed a set of steps to take down a thick black-bound book. Unfogging the Future. Very good guide to all your basic fortune-telling methods — palmistry crystal balls bird entrails —

But Harry wasnt listening. His eyes had fallen on another book which was among a display on a small table: Death Omens: What to Do When You Know the Worst Is Coming.

Oh I wouldnt read that if I were you said the manager lightly looking to see what Harry was staring at. Youll start seeing death omens everywhere. Its enough to frighten anyone to death.

But Harry continued to stare at the front cover of the book; it showed a black dog large as a bear with gleaming eyes. It looked oddly familiar. . . .

The manager pressed Unfogging the Future into Harrys hands.

Anything else he said.

Yes said Harry tearing his eyes away from the dogs and dazedly consulting his booklist. Er — I need Intermediate Transfiguration and The Standard Book of Spells Grade Three.

Harry emerged from Flourish and Blotts ten minutes later with his new books under his arms and made his way back to the Leaky Cauldron hardly noticing where he was going and bumping into several people.

He tramped up the stairs to his room went inside and tipped his books onto his bed. Somebody had been in to tidy; the windows were open and sun was pouring inside. Harry could hear the buses rolling by in the unseen Muggle street behind him and the sound of the invisible crowd below in Diagon Alley. He caught sight of himself in the mirror over the basin.

It cant have been a death omen he told his reflection defiantly. I was panicking when I saw that thing in Magnolia Crescent. . . . It was probably just a stray dog. . . .

He raised his hand automatically and tried to make his hair lie flat.

Youre fighting a losing battle there dear said his mirror in a wheezy voice.

As the days slipped by Harry started looking wherever he went for a sign of Ron or Hermione. Plenty of Hogwarts students were arriving in Diagon Alley now with the start of term so near. Harry met Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas his fellow Gryffindors in Quality Quidditch Supplies where they too were ogling the Firebolt; he also ran into the real Neville Longbottom a round-faced forgetful boy outside Flourish and Blotts. Harry didnt stop to chat; Neville appeared to have mislaid his booklist and was being told off by his very formidable-looking grandmother. Harry hoped she never found out that hed pretended to be Neville while on the run from the Ministry of Magic.

Harry woke on the last day of the holidays thinking that he would at least meet Ron and Hermione tomorrow on the Hogwarts Express. He got up dressed went for a last look at the Firebolt and was just wondering where hed have lunch when someone yelled his name and he turned.

Harry HARRY

They were there both of them sitting outside Florean Fortescues Ice Cream Parlor — Ron looking incredibly freckly Hermione very brown both waving frantically at him.

Finally said Ron grinning at Harry as he sat down. We went to the Leaky Cauldron but they said youd left and we went to Flourish and Blotts and Madam Malkins and —

I got all my school stuff last week Harry explained. And how come you knew Im staying at the Leaky Cauldron

Dad said Ron simply.

Mr. Weasley who worked at the Ministry of Magic would of course have heard the whole story of what had happened to Aunt Marge.

Did you really blow up your aunt Harry said Hermione in a very serious voice.

I didnt mean to said Harry while Ron roared with laughter. I just — lost control.

Its not funny Ron said Hermione sharply. Honestly Im amazed Harry wasnt expelled.

So am I admitted Harry. Forget expelled I thought I was going to be arrested. He looked at Ron. Your dad doesnt know why Fudge let me off does he

Probably cause its you isnt it shrugged Ron still chuckling. Famous Harry Potter and all that. Id hate to see what the Ministryd do to me if I blew up an aunt. Mind you theyd have to dig me up first because Mum wouldve killed me. Anyway you can ask Dad yourself this evening. Were staying at the Leaky Cauldron tonight too So you can come to Kings Cross with us tomorrow Hermiones there as well

Hermione nodded beaming. Mum and Dad dropped me off this morning with all my Hogwarts things.

Excellent said Harry happily. So have you got all your new books and stuff

Look at this said Ron pulling a long thin box out of a bag and opening it. Brand-new wand. Fourteen inches willow containing one unicorn tail-hair. And weve got all our books — He pointed at a large bag under his chair. What about those Monster Books eh The assistant nearly cried when we said we wanted two.

Whats all that Hermione Harry asked pointing at not one but three bulging bags in the chair next to her.

Well Im taking more new subjects than you arent I said Hermione. Those are my books for Arithmancy Care of Magical Creatures Divination Study of Ancient Runes Muggle Studies —

What are you doing Muggle Studies for said Ron rolling his eyes at Harry. Youre Muggle-born Your mum and dad are Muggles You already know all about Muggles

But itll be fascinating to study them from the Wizarding point of view said Hermione earnestly.

Are you planning to eat or sleep at all this year Hermione asked Harry while Ron sniggered. Hermione ignored them.

Ive still got ten Galleons she said checking her purse. Its my birthday in September and Mum and Dad gave me some money to get myself an early birthday present.

How about a nice book said Ron innocently.

No I dont think so said Hermione composedly. I really want an owl. I mean Harrys got Hedwig and youve got Errol —

I havent said Ron. Errols a family owl. All Ive got is Scabbers. He pulled his pet rat out of his pocket. And I want to get him checked over he added placing Scabbers on the table in front of them. I dont think Egypt agreed with him.

Scabbers was looking thinner than usual and there was a definite droop to his whiskers.

Theres a magical creature shop just over there said Harry who knew Diagon Alley very well by now. You could see if theyve got anything for Scabbers and Hermione can get her owl.

So they paid for their ice cream and crossed the street to the Magical Menagerie.

There wasnt much room inside. Every inch of wall was hidden by cages. It was smelly and very noisy because the occupants of these cages were all squeaking squawking jabbering or hissing. The witch behind the counter was already advising a wizard on the care of double-ended newts so Harry Ron and Hermione waited examining the cages.

A pair of enormous purple toads sat gulping wetly and feasting on dead blowflies. A gigantic tortoise with a jewel-encrusted shell was glittering near the window. Poisonous orange snails were oozing slowly up the side of their glass tank and a fat white rabbit kept changing into a silk top hat and back again with a loud popping noise. Then there were cats of every color a noisy cage of ravens a basket of funny custard-colored furballs that were humming loudly and on the counter a vast cage of sleek black rats that were playing some sort of skipping game using their long bald tails.

The double-ended newt wizard left and Ron approached the counter.

Its my rat he told the witch. Hes been a bit off-color ever since I brought him back from Egypt.

Bang him on the counter said the witch pulling a pair of heavy black spectacles out of her pocket.

Ron lifted Scabbers out of his inside pocket and placed him next to the cage of his fellow rats who stopped their skipping tricks and scuffled to the wire for a better look.

Like nearly everything Ron owned Scabbers the rat was second-hand (he had once belonged to Rons brother Percy) and a bit battered. Next to the glossy rats in the cage he looked especially woebegone.

Hm said the witch picking up Scabbers. How old is this rat

Dunno said Ron. Quite old. He used to belong to my brother.

What powers does he have said the witch examining Scabbers closely.

Er — The truth was that Scabbers had never shown the faintest trace of interesting powers. The witchs eyes moved from Scabberss tattered left ear to his front paw which had a toe missing and tutted loudly.

Hes been through the mill this one she said.

He was like that when Percy gave him to me said Ron defensively.

An ordinary common or garden rat like this cant be expected to live longer than three years or so said the witch. Now if you were looking for something a bit more hard-wearing you might like one of these —

She indicated the black rats who promptly started skipping again. Ron muttered Show-offs.

Well if you dont want a replacement you can try this rat tonic said the witch reaching under the counter and bringing out a small red bottle.

Okay said Ron. How much — OUCH

Ron buckled as something huge and orange came soaring from the top of the highest cage landed on his head and then propelled itself spitting madly at Scabbers.

NO CROOKSHANKS NO cried the witch but Scabbers shot from between her hands like a bar of soap landed splay-legged on the floor and then scampered for the door.

Scabbers Ron shouted racing out of the shop after him; Harry followed.

It took them nearly ten minutes to catch Scabbers who had taken refuge under a wastepaper bin outside Quality Quidditch Supplies. Ron stuffed the trembling rat back into his pocket and straightened up massaging his head.

What was that

It was either a very big cat or quite a small tiger said Harry.

Wheres Hermione

Probably getting her owl —

They made their way back up the crowded street to the Magical Menagerie. As they reached it Hermione came out but she wasnt carrying an owl. Her arms were clamped tightly around the enormous ginger cat.

You bought that monster said Ron his mouth hanging open.

Hes gorgeous isnt he said Hermione glowing.

That was a matter of opinion thought Harry. The cats ginger fur was thick and fluffy but it was definitely a bit bowlegged and its face looked grumpy and oddly squashed as though it had run headlong into a brick wall. Now that Scabbers was out of sight however the cat was purring contentedly in Hermiones arms.

Hermione that thing nearly scalped me said Ron.

He didnt mean to did you Crookshanks said Hermione.

And what about Scabbers said Ron pointing at the lump in his chest pocket. He needs rest and relaxation Hows he going to get it with that thing around

That reminds me you forgot your rat tonic said Hermione slapping the small red bottle into Rons hand. And stop worrying Crookshanks will be sleeping in my dormitory and Scabbers in yours whats the problem Poor Crookshanks that witch said hed been in there for ages; no one wanted him.

I wonder why said Ron sarcastically as they set off toward the Leaky Cauldron.

They found Mr. Weasley sitting in the bar reading the Daily Prophet.

Harry he said smiling as he looked up. How are you

Fine thanks said Harry as he Ron and Hermione joined Mr. Weasley with all their shopping.

Mr. Weasley put down his paper and Harry saw the now-familiar picture of Sirius Black staring up at him.

They still havent caught him then he asked.

No said Mr. Weasley looking extremely grave. Theyve pulled us all off our regular jobs at the Ministry to try and find him but no luck so far.

Would we get a reward if we caught him asked Ron. Itd be good to get some more money —

Dont be ridiculous Ron said Mr. Weasley who on closer inspection looked very strained. Blacks not going to be caught by a thirteen-year-old wizard. Its the Azkaban guards wholl get him back you mark my words.

At that moment Mrs. Weasley entered the bar laden with shopping bags and followed by the twins Fred and George who were about to start their fifth year at Hogwarts; the newly elected Head Boy Percy; and the Weasleys youngest child and only girl Ginny.

Ginny who had always been very taken with Harry seemed even more heartily embarrassed than usual when she saw him perhaps because he had saved her life during their previous year at Hogwarts. She went very red and muttered Hello without looking at him. Percy however held out his hand solemnly as though he and Harry had never met and said Harry. How nice to see you.

Hello Percy said Harry trying not to laugh.

I hope youre well said Percy pompously shaking hands. It was rather like being introduced to the mayor.

Very well thanks —

Harry said Fred elbowing Percy out of the way and bowing deeply. Simply splendid to see you old boy —

Marvelous said George pushing Fred aside and seizing Harrys hand in turn. Absolutely spiffing.

Percy scowled.

Thats enough now said Mrs. Weasley.

Mum said Fred as though hed only just spotted her and seizing her hand too. How really corking to see you —

I said thats enough said Mrs. Weasley depositing her shopping in an empty chair. Hello Harry dear. I suppose youve heard our exciting news She pointed to the brand-new silver badge on Percys chest. Second Head Boy in the family she said swelling with pride.

And last Fred muttered under his breath.

I dont doubt that said Mrs. Weasley frowning suddenly. I notice they havent made you two prefects.

What do we want to be prefects for said George looking revolted at the very idea. Itd take all the fun out of life.

Ginny giggled.

You want to set a better example for your sister snapped Mrs. Weasley.

Ginnys got other brothers to set her an example Mother said Percy loftily. Im going up to change for dinner. . . .

He disappeared and George heaved a sigh.

We tried to shut him in a pyramid he told Harry. But Mum spotted us.

Dinner that night was a very enjoyable affair. Tom the innkeeper put three tables together in the parlor and the seven Weasleys Harry and Hermione ate their way through five delicious courses.

Howre we getting to Kings Cross tomorrow Dad asked Fred as they dug into a sumptuous chocolate pudding.

The Ministrys providing a couple of cars said Mr. Weasley.

Everyone looked up at him.

Why said Percy curiously.

Its because of you Perce said George seriously. And therell be little flags on the hoods with HB on them —

— for Humongous Bighead said Fred.

Everyone except Percy and Mrs. Weasley snorted into their pudding.

Why are the Ministry providing cars Father Percy asked again in a dignified voice.

Well as we havent got one anymore said Mr. Weasley — and as I work there theyre doing me a favor —

His voice was casual but Harry couldnt help noticing that Mr. Weasleys ears had gone red just like Rons did when he was under pressure.

Good thing too said Mrs. Weasley briskly. Do you realize how much luggage youve all got between you A nice sight youd be on the Muggle Underground. . . . You are all packed arent you

Ron hasnt put all his new things in his trunk yet said Percy in a long-suffering voice. Hes dumped them on my bed.

Youd better go and pack properly Ron because we wont have much time in the morning Mrs. Weasley called down the table. Ron scowled at Percy.

After dinner everyone felt very full and sleepy. One by one they made their way upstairs to their rooms to check their things for the next day. Ron and Percy were next door to Harry. He had just closed and locked his own trunk when he heard angry voices through the wall and went to see what was going on.

The door of number twelve was ajar and Percy was shouting.

It was here on the bedside table I took it off for polishing —

I havent touched it all right Ron roared back.

Whats up said Harry.

My Head Boy badge is gone said Percy rounding on Harry.

Sos Scabberss rat tonic said Ron throwing things out of his trunk to look. I think I mightve left it in the bar —

Youre not going anywhere till youve found my badge yelled Percy.

Ill get Scabberss stuff Im packed Harry said to Ron and he went downstairs.

Harry was halfway along the passage to the bar which was now very dark when he heard another pair of angry voices coming from the parlor. A second later he recognized them as Mr. and Mrs. Weasleys. He hesitated not wanting them to know hed heard them arguing when the sound of his own name made him stop then move closer to the parlor door.

. . . makes no sense not to tell him Mr. Weasley was saying heatedly. Harrys got a right to know. Ive tried to tell Fudge but he insists on treating Harry like a child. Hes thirteen years old and —

Arthur the truth would terrify him said Mrs. Weasley shrilly. Do you really want to send Harry back to school with that hanging over him For heavens sake hes happy not knowing

I dont want to make him miserable I want to put him on his guard retorted Mr. Weasley. You know what Harry and Ron are like wandering off by themselves — theyve even ended up in the Forbidden Forest But Harry mustnt do that this year When I think what could have happened to him that night he ran away from home If the Knight Bus hadnt picked him up Im prepared to bet he would have been dead before the Ministry found him.

But hes not dead hes fine so whats the point —

Molly they say Sirius Blacks mad and maybe he is but he was clever enough to escape from Azkaban and thats supposed to be impossible. Its been a month and no ones seen hide nor hair of him and I dont care what Fudge keeps telling the Daily Prophet were no nearer catching Black than inventing self-spelling wands. The only thing we know for sure is what Blacks after —

But Harry will be perfectly safe at Hogwarts.

We thought Azkaban was perfectly safe. If Black can break out of Azkaban he can break into Hogwarts.

But no ones really sure that Blacks after Harry —

There was a thud on wood and Harry was sure Mr. Weasley had banged his fist on the table.

Molly how many times do I have to tell you They didnt report it in the press because Fudge wanted it kept quiet but Fudge went out to Azkaban the night Black escaped. The guards told Fudge that Blacks been talking in his sleep for a while now. Always the same words: ‘Hes at Hogwarts . . . hes at Hogwarts. Black is deranged Molly and he wants Harry dead. If you ask me he thinks murdering Harry will bring You-Know-Who back to power. Black lost everything the night Harry stopped You-Know-Who and hes had twelve years alone in Azkaban to brood on that. . . .

There was a silence. Harry leaned still closer to the door desperate to hear more.

Well Arthur you must do what you think is right. But youre forgetting Albus Dumbledore. I dont think anything could hurt Harry at Hogwarts while Dumbledores headmaster. I suppose he knows about all this

Of course he knows. We had to ask him if he minds the Azkaban guards stationing themselves around the entrances to the school grounds. He wasnt happy about it but he agreed.

Not happy Why shouldnt he be happy if theyre there to catch Black

Dumbledore isnt fond of the Azkaban guards said Mr. Weasley heavily. Nor am I if it comes to that . . . but when youre dealing with a wizard like Black you sometimes have to join forces with those youd rather avoid.

If they save Harry —

— then I will never say another word against them said Mr. Weasley wearily. Its late Molly wed better go up. . . .

Harry heard chairs move. As quietly as he could he hurried down the passage to the bar and out of sight. The parlor door opened and a few seconds later footsteps told him that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were climbing the stairs.

The bottle of rat tonic was lying under the table they had sat at earlier. Harry waited until he heard Mr. and Mrs. Weasleys bedroom door close then headed back upstairs with the bottle.

Fred and George were crouching in the shadows on the landing heaving with laughter as they listened to Percy dismantling his and Rons room in search of his badge.

Weve got it Fred whispered to Harry. Weve been improving it.

The badge now read Bighead Boy.

Harry forced a laugh went to give Ron the rat tonic then shut himself in his room and lay down on his bed.

So Sirius Black was after him. That explained everything. Fudge had been lenient with him because he was so relieved to find him alive. Hed made Harry promise to stay in Diagon Alley where there were plenty of wizards to keep an eye on him. And he was sending two Ministry cars to take them all to the station tomorrow so that the Weasleys could look after Harry until he was on the train.

Harry lay listening to the muffled shouting next door and wondered why he didnt feel more scared. Sirius Black had murdered thirteen people with one curse; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley obviously thought Harry would be panic-stricken if he knew the truth. But Harry happened to agree wholeheartedly with Mrs. Weasley that the safest place on earth was wherever Albus Dumbledore happened to be. Didnt people always say that Dumbledore was the only person Lord Voldemort had ever been afraid of Surely Black as Voldemorts right-hand man would be just as frightened of him

And then there were these Azkaban guards everyone kept talking about. They seemed to scare most people senseless and if they were stationed all around the school Blacks chances of getting inside seemed very remote.

No all in all the thing that bothered Harry most was the fact that his chances of visiting Hogsmeade now looked like zero. Nobody would want Harry to leave the safety of the castle until Black was caught; in fact Harry suspected his every move would be carefully watched until the danger had passed.

He scowled at the dark ceiling. Did they think he couldnt look after himself Hed escaped Lord Voldemort three times; he wasnt completely useless. . . .

Unbidden the image of the beast in the shadows of Magnolia Crescent crossed his mind. What to do when you know the worst is coming. . . .

Im not going to be murdered Harry said out loud.

Thats the spirit dear said his mirror sleepily.




