




THE QUIDDITCH FINAL




He — he sent me this Hermione said holding out the letter.

Harry took it. The parchment was damp and enormous teardrops had smudged the ink so badly in places that it was very difficult to read.

Dear Hermione

We lost. Im allowed to bring him back to Hogwarts.

Execution date to be fixed.

Beaky has enjoyed London.

I wont forget all the help you gave us.

Hagrid





They cant do this said Harry. They cant. Buckbeak isnt dangerous.

Malfoys dads frightened the Committee into it said Hermione wiping her eyes. You know what hes like. Theyre a bunch of doddery old fools and they were scared. Therell be an appeal though there always is. Only I cant see any hope. . . . .Nothing will have changed.

Yeah it will said Ron fiercely. You wont have to do all the work alone this time Hermione. Ill help.

Oh Ron

Hermione flung her arms around Rons neck and broke down completely. Ron looking quite terrified patted her very awkwardly on the top of the head. Finally Hermione drew away.

Ron Im really really sorry about Scabbers . . . .  she sobbed.

Oh — well — he was old said Ron looking thoroughly relieved that she had let go of him. And he was a bit useless. You never know Mum and Dad might get me an owl now.

The safety measures imposed on the students since Blacks second break-in made it impossible for Harry Ron and Hermione to go and visit Hagrid in the evenings. Their only chance of talking to him was during Care of Magical Creatures lessons.

He seemed numb with shock at the verdict.

Sall my fault. Got all tongue-tied. They was all sittin there in black robes an I kep droppin me notes and forgettin all them dates yeh looked up fer me Hermione. An then Lucius Malfoy stood up an said his bit and the Committee jus did exacly what he told em. . . .

Theres still the appeal said Ron fiercely. Dont give up yet were working on it

They were walking back up to the castle with the rest of the class. Ahead they could see Malfoy who was walking with Crabbe and Goyle and kept looking back laughing derisively.

Sno good Ron said Hagrid sadly as they reached the castle steps. That Committees in Lucius Malfoys pocket. Im jus gonna make sure the rest o Beakys time is the happiest hes ever had. I owe him that. . . .

Hagrid turned around and hurried back toward his cabin his face buried in his handkerchief.

Look at him blubber

Malfoy Crabbe and Goyle had been standing just inside the castle doors listening.

Have you ever seen anything quite as pathetic said Malfoy. And hes supposed to be our teacher

Harry and Ron both made furious moves toward Malfoy but Hermione got there first — SMACK

She had slapped Malfoy across the face with all the strength she could muster. Malfoy staggered. Harry Ron Crabbe and Goyle stood flabbergasted as Hermione raised her hand again.

Dont you dare call Hagrid pathetic you foul — you evil —

Hermione said Ron weakly and he tried to grab her hand as she swung it back.

Get off Ron

Hermione pulled out her wand. Malfoy stepped backward. Crabbe and Goyle looked at him for instructions thoroughly bewildered.

Cmon Malfoy muttered and in a moment all three of them had disappeared into the passageway to the dungeons.

Hermione Ron said again sounding both stunned and impressed.

Harry youd better beat him in the Quidditch final Hermione said shrilly. You just better had because I cant stand it if Slytherin wins

Were due in Charms said Ron still goggling at Hermione. Wed better go.

They hurried up the marble staircase toward Professor Flitwicks classroom.

Youre late boys said Professor Flitwick reprovingly as Harry opened the classroom door. Come along quickly wands out were experimenting with Cheering Charms today weve already divided into pairs —

Harry and Ron hurried to a desk at the back and opened their bags. Ron looked behind him.

Wheres Hermione gone

Harry looked around too. Hermione hadnt entered the classroom yet Harry knew she had been right next to him when he had opened the door.

Thats weird said Harry staring at Ron. Maybe — maybe she went to the bathroom or something

But Hermione didnt turn up all lesson.

She couldve done with a Cheering Charm on her too said Ron as the class left for lunch all grinning broadly — the Cheering Charms had left them with a feeling of great contentment.

Hermione wasnt at lunch either. By the time they had finished their apple pie the after-effects of the Cheering Charms were wearing off and Harry and Ron had started to get slightly worried.

You dont think Malfoy did something to her Ron said anxiously as they hurried upstairs toward Gryffindor Tower.

They passed the security trolls gave the Fat Lady the password (Flibbertigibbet) and scrambled through the portrait hole into the common room.

Hermione was sitting at a table fast asleep her head resting on an open Arithmancy book. They went to sit down on either side of her. Harry prodded her awake.

W-what said Hermione waking with a start and staring wildly around. Is it time to go W-which lesson have we got now

Divination but its not for another twenty minutes said Harry. Hermione why didnt you come to Charms

What Oh no Hermione squeaked. I forgot to go to Charms

But how could you forget said Harry. You were with us till we were right outside the classroom

I dont believe it Hermione wailed. Was Professor Flitwick angry Oh it was Malfoy I was thinking about him and I lost track of things

You know what Hermione said Ron looking down at the enormous Arithmancy book Hermione had been using as a pillow. I reckon youre cracking up. Youre trying to do too much.

No Im not said Hermione brushing her hair out of her eyes and staring hopelessly around for her bag. I just made a mistake thats all Id better go and see Professor Flitwick and say sorry. . . . Ill see you in Divination

Hermione joined them at the foot of the ladder to Professor Trelawneys classroom twenty minutes later looking extremely harrassed.

I cant believe I missed Cheering Charms And I bet they come up in our exams; Professor Flitwick hinted they might

Together they climbed the ladder into the dim stifling tower room. Glowing on every little table was a crystal ball full of pearly white mist. Harry Ron and Hermione sat down together at the same rickety table.

I thought we werent starting crystal balls until next term Ron muttered casting a wary eye around for Professor Trelawney in case she was lurking nearby.

Dont complain this means weve finished palmistry Harry muttered back. I was getting sick of her flinching every time she looked at my hands.

Good day to you said the familiar misty voice and Professor Trelawney made her usual dramatic entrance out of the shadows. Parvati and Lavender quivered with excitement their faces lit by the milky glow of their crystal ball.

I have decided to introduce the crystal ball a little earlier than I had planned said Professor Trelawney sitting with her back to the fire and gazing around. The fates have informed me that your examination in June will concern the Orb and I am anxious to give you sufficient practice.

Hermione snorted.

Well honestly . . . ‘the fates have informed her . . . who sets the exam She does What an amazing prediction she said not troubling to keep her voice low. Harry and Ron choked back laughs.

It was hard to tell whether Professor Trelawney had heard them as her face was hidden in shadow. She continued however as though she had not.

Crystal gazing is a particularly refined art she said dreamily. I do not expect any of you to See when first you peer into the Orbs infinite depths. We shall start by practicing relaxing the conscious mind and external eyes — Ron began to snigger uncontrollably and had to stuff his fist in his mouth to stifle the noise — so as to clear the Inner Eye and the superconscious. Perhaps if we are lucky some of you will See before the end of the class.

And so they began. Harry at least felt extremely foolish staring blankly at the crystal ball trying to keep his mind empty when thoughts such as This is stupid kept drifting across it. It didnt help that Ron kept breaking into silent giggles and Hermione kept tutting.

Seen anything yet Harry asked them after a quarter of an hours quiet crystal gazing.

Yeah theres a burn on this table said Ron pointing. Someones spilled their candle.

This is such a waste of time Hermione hissed. I could be practicing something useful. I could be catching up on Cheering Charms —

Professor Trelawney rustled past.

Would anyone like me to help them interpret the shadowy portents within their Orb she murmured over the clinking of her bangles.

I dont need help Ron whispered. Its obvious what this means. Theres going to be loads of fog tonight.

Both Harry and Hermione burst out laughing.

Now really said Professor Trelawney as everyones heads turned in their direction. Parvati and Lavender were looking scandalized. You are disturbing the clairvoyant vibrations She approached their table and peered into their crystal ball. Harry felt his heart sinking. He was sure he knew what was coming —

There is something here Professor Trelawney whispered lowering her face to the ball so that it was reflected twice in her huge glasses. Something moving . . . but what is it

Harry was prepared to bet everything he owned including his Firebolt that it wasnt good news whatever it was. And sure enough —

My dear . . .  Professor Trelawney breathed gazing up at Harry. It is here plainer than ever before . . . my dear stalking toward you growing ever closer . . . the Gr —

Oh for goodness sake said Hermione loudly. Not that ridiculous Grim again

Professor Trelawney raised her enormous eyes to Hermiones face. Parvati whispered something to Lavender and they both glared at Hermione too. Professor Trelawney stood up surveying Hermione with unmistakable anger.

I am sorry to say that from the moment you have arrived in this class my dear it has been apparent that you do not have what the noble art of Divination requires. Indeed I dont remember ever meeting a student whose mind was so hopelessly mundane.

There was a moments silence. Then —

Fine said Hermione suddenly getting up and cramming Unfogging the Future back into her bag. Fine she repeated swinging the bag over her shoulder and almost knocking Ron off his chair. I give up Im leaving

And to the whole classs amazement Hermione strode over to the trapdoor kicked it open and climbed down the ladder out of sight.

It took a few minutes for the class to settle down again. Professor Trelawney seemed to have forgotten all about the Grim. She turned abruptly from Harry and Rons table breathing rather heavily as she tugged her gauzy shawl more closely to her.

Ooooo said Lavender suddenly making everyone start. Oooooo Professor Trelawney Ive just remembered You saw her leaving didnt you Didnt you Professor ‘Around Easter one of our number will leave us forever You said it ages ago Professor

Professor Trelawney gave her a dewy smile.

Yes my dear I did indeed know that Miss Granger would be leaving us. One hopes however that one might have mistaken the Signs. . . . The Inner Eye can be a burden you know. . . .

Lavender and Parvati looked deeply impressed and moved over so that Professor Trelawney could join their table instead.

Some day Hermiones having eh Ron muttered to Harry looking awed.

Yeah . . .

Harry glanced into the crystal ball but saw nothing but swirling white mist. Had Professor Trelawney really seen the Grim again Would he The last thing he needed was another near-fatal accident with the Quidditch final drawing ever nearer.

The Easter holidays were not exactly relaxing. The third years had never had so much homework. Neville Longbottom seemed close to a nervous collapse and he wasnt the only one.

Call this a holiday Seamus Finnigan roared at the common room one afternoon. The exams are ages away whatre they playing at

But nobody had as much to do as Hermione. Even without Divination she was taking more subjects than anybody else. She was usually last to leave the common room at night first to arrive at the library the next morning; she had shadows like Lupins under her eyes and seemed constantly close to tears.

Ron had taken over responsibility for Buckbeaks appeal. When he wasnt doing his own work he was poring over enormously thick volumes with names like The Handbook of Hippogriff Psychology and Fowl or Foul A Study of Hippogriff Brutality. He was so absorbed he even forgot to be horrible to Crookshanks.

Harry meanwhile had to fit in his homework around Quidditch practice every day not to mention endless discussions of tactics with Wood. The Gryffindor-Slytherin match would take place on the first Saturday after the Easter holidays. Slytherin was leading the tournament by exactly two hundred points. This meant (as Wood constantly reminded his team) that they needed to win the match by more than that amount to win the Cup. It also meant that the burden of winning fell largely on Harry because capturing the Snitch was worth one hundred and fifty points.

So you must catch it only if were more than fifty points up Wood told Harry constantly. Only if were more than fifty points up Harry or we win the match but lose the Cup. Youve got that havent you You must catch the Snitch only if were —

I KNOW OLIVER Harry yelled.

The whole of Gryffindor House was obsessed with the coming match. Gryffindor hadnt won the Quidditch Cup since the legendary Charlie Weasley (Rons second oldest brother) had been Seeker. But Harry doubted whether any of them even Wood wanted to win as much as he did. The enmity between Harry and Malfoy was at its highest point ever. Malfoy was still smarting about the mud-throwing incident in Hogsmeade and was even more furious that Harry had somehow wormed his way out of punishment. Harry hadnt forgotten Malfoys attempt to sabotage him in the match against Ravenclaw but it was the matter of Buckbeak that made him most determined to beat Malfoy in front of the entire school.

Never in anyones memory had a match approached in such a highly charged atmosphere. By the time the holidays were over tension between the two teams and their Houses was at the breaking point. A number of small scuffles broke out in the corridors culminating in a nasty incident in which a Gryffindor fourth year and a Slytherin sixth year ended up in the hospital wing with leeks sprouting out of their ears.

Harry was having a particularly bad time of it. He couldnt walk to class without Slytherins sticking out their legs and trying to trip him up; Crabbe and Goyle kept popping up wherever he went and slouching away looking disappointed when they saw him surrounded by people. Wood had given instructions that Harry should be accompanied everywhere in case the Slytherins tried to put him out of action. The whole of Gryffindor House took up the challenge enthusiastically so that it was impossible for Harry to get to classes on time because he was surrounded by a vast chattering crowd. Harry was more concerned for his Firebolts safety than his own. When he wasnt flying it he locked it securely in his trunk and frequently dashed back up to Gryffindor Tower at break times to check that it was still there.

All usual pursuits were abandoned in the Gryffindor common room the night before the match. Even Hermione had put down her books.

I cant work I cant concentrate she said nervously.

There was a great deal of noise. Fred and George Weasley were dealing with the pressure by being louder and more exuberant than ever. Oliver Wood was crouched over a model of a Quidditch field in the corner prodding little figures across it with his wand and muttering to himself. Angelina Alicia and Katie were laughing at Freds and Georges jokes. Harry was sitting with Ron and Hermione removed from the center of things trying not to think about the next day because every time he did he had the horrible sensation that something very large was fighting to get out of his stomach.

Youre going to be fine Hermione told him though she looked positively terrified.

Youve got a Firebolt said Ron.

Yeah . . .  said Harry his stomach writhing.

It came as a relief when Wood suddenly stood up and yelled Team Bed

Harry slept badly. First he dreamed that he had overslept and that Wood was yelling Where were you We had to use Neville instead Then he dreamed that Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherin team arrived for the match riding dragons. He was flying at breakneck speed trying to avoid a spurt of flames from Malfoys steeds mouth when he realized he had forgotten his Firebolt. He fell through the air and woke with a start.

It was a few seconds before Harry remembered that the match hadnt taken place yet that he was safe in bed and that the Slytherin team definitely wouldnt be allowed to play on dragons. He was feeling very thirsty. Quietly as he could he got out of his four-poster and went to pour himself some water from the silver jug beneath the window.

The grounds were still and quiet. No breath of wind disturbed the treetops in the Forbidden Forest; the Whomping Willow was motionless and innocent-looking. It looked as though the conditions for the match would be perfect.

Harry set down his goblet and was about to turn back to his bed when something caught his eye. An animal of some kind was prowling across the silvery lawn.

Harry dashed to his bedside table snatched up his glasses and put them on then hurried back to the window. It couldnt be the Grim — not now — not right before the match —

He peered out at the grounds again and after a minutes frantic searching spotted it. It was skirting the edge of the forest now. . . . It wasnt the Grim at all . . . it was a cat. . . . Harry clutched the window ledge in relief as he recognized the bottlebrush tail. It was only Crookshanks. . . .

Or was it only Crookshanks Harry squinted pressing his nose flat against the glass. Crookshanks seemed to have come to a halt. Harry was sure he could see something else moving in the shadow of the trees too.

And just then it emerged — a gigantic shaggy black dog moving stealthily across the lawn Crookshanks trotting at its side. Harry stared. What did this mean If Crookshanks could see the dog as well how could it be an omen of Harrys death

Ron Harry hissed. Ron Wake up

Huh

I need you to tell me if you can see something

Sall dark Harry Ron muttered thickly. Whatre you on about

Down here —

Harry looked quickly back out of the window.

Crookshanks and the dog had vanished. Harry climbed onto the windowsill to look right down into the shadows of the castle but they werent there. Where had they gone

A loud snore told him Ron had fallen asleep again.

Harry and the rest of the Gryffindor team entered the Great Hall the next day to enormous applause. Harry couldnt help grinning broadly as he saw that both the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables were applauding them too. The Slytherin table hissed loudly as they passed. Harry noticed that Malfoy looked even paler than usual.

Wood spent the whole of breakfast urging his team to eat while touching nothing himself. Then he hurried them off to the field before anyone else had finished so they could get an idea of the conditions. As they left the Great Hall everyone applauded again.

Good luck Harry called Cho. Harry felt himself blushing.

Okay — no wind to speak of — suns a bit bright that could impair your vision watch out for it — grounds fairly hard good thatll give us a fast kickoff —

Wood paced the field staring around with the team behind him. Finally they saw the front doors of the castle open in the distance and the rest of the school spilling onto the lawn.

Locker rooms said Wood tersely.

None of them spoke as they changed into their scarlet robes. Harry wondered if they were feeling like he was: as though hed eaten something extremely wriggly for breakfast. In what seemed like no time at all Wood was saying Okay its time lets go —

They walked out onto the field to a tidal wave of noise. Three-quarters of the crowd were wearing scarlet rosettes waving scarlet flags with the Gryffindor lion upon them or brandishing banners with slogans like GO GRYFFINDOR and LIONS FOR THE CUP Behind the Slytherin goalposts however two hundred people were wearing green; the silver serpent of Slytherin glittered on their flags and Professor Snape sat in the very front row wearing green like everyone else and a very grim smile.

And here are the Gryffindors yelled Lee Jordan who was acting as commentator as usual. Potter Bell Johnson Spinnet Weasley Weasley and Wood. Widely acknowledged as the best team Hogwarts has seen in a good few years —

Lees comments were drowned by a tide of boos from the Slytherin end.

And here come the Slytherin team led by Captain Flint. Hes made some changes in the lineup and seems to be going for size rather than skill —

More boos from the Slytherin crowd. Harry however thought Lee had a point. Malfoy was easily the smallest person on the Slytherin team; the rest of them were enormous.

Captains shake hands said Madam Hooch.

Flint and Wood approached each other and grasped each others hand very tightly; it looked as though each was trying to break the others fingers.

Mount your brooms said Madam Hooch. Three . . . two . . . one . . .

The sound of her whistle was lost in the roar from the crowd as fourteen brooms rose into the air. Harry felt his hair fly back off his forehead; his nerves left him in the thrill of the flight; he glanced around saw Malfoy on his tail and sped off in search of the Snitch.

And its Gryffindor in possession Alicia Spinnet of Gryffindor with the Quaffle heading straight for the Slytherin goalposts looking good Alicia Argh no — Quaffle intercepted by Warrington Warrington of Slytherin tearing up the field — WHAM — nice Bludger work there by George Weasley Warrington drops the Quaffle its caught by — Johnson Gryffindor back in possession come on Angelina — nice swerve around Montague — duck Angelina thats a Bludger — SHE SCORES TEN–ZERO TO GRYFFINDOR

Angelina punched the air as she soared around the end of the field; the sea of scarlet below was screaming its delight —

OUCH

Angelina was nearly thrown from her broom as Marcus Flint went smashing into her.

Sorry said Flint as the crowd below booed. Sorry didnt see her

A moment later Fred Weasley chucked his Beaters club at the back of Flints head. Flints nose smashed into the handle of his broom and began to bleed.

That will do shrieked Madam Hooch zooming between them. Penalty shot to Gryffindor for an unprovoked attack on their Chaser Penalty shot to Slytherin for deliberate damage to their Chaser

Come off it miss howled Fred but Madam Hooch blew her whistle and Alicia flew forward to take the penalty.

Come on Alicia yelled Lee into the silence that had descended on the crowd. YES SHES BEATEN THE KEEPER TWENTY–ZERO TO GRYFFINDOR

Harry turned the Firebolt sharply to watch Flint still bleeding freely fly forward to take the Slytherin penalty. Wood was hovering in front of the Gryffindor goalposts his jaw clenched.

Course Woods a superb Keeper Lee Jordan told the crowd as Flint waited for Madam Hoochs whistle. Superb Very difficult to pass — very difficult indeed — YES I DONT BELIEVE IT HES SAVED IT

Relieved Harry zoomed away gazing around for the Snitch but still making sure he caught every word of Lees commentary. It was essential that he hold Malfoy off the Snitch until Gryffindor was more than fifty points up —

Gryffindor in possession no Slytherin in possession — no — Gryffindor back in possession and its Katie Bell Katie Bell for Gryffindor with the Quaffle shes streaking up the field — THAT WAS DELIBERATE

Montague a Slytherin Chaser had swerved in front of Katie and instead of seizing the Quaffle had grabbed her head. Katie cartwheeled in the air managed to stay on her broom but dropped the Quaffle.

Madam Hoochs whistle rang out again as she soared over to Montague and began shouting at him. A minute later Katie had put another penalty past the Slytherin Keeper.

THIRTY–ZERO TAKE THAT YOU DIRTY CHEATING —

Jordan if you cant commentate in an unbiased way — 

Im telling it like it is Professor

Harry felt a huge jolt of excitement. He had seen the Snitch — it was shimmering at the foot of one of the Gryffindor goalposts — but he mustnt catch it yet — and if Malfoy saw it —

Faking a look of sudden concentration Harry pulled his Firebolt around and sped off toward the Slytherin end — it worked. Malfoy went haring after him clearly thinking Harry had seen the Snitch there. . . .

WHOOSH.

One of the Bludgers came streaking past Harrys right ear hit by the gigantic Slytherin Beater Derrick. Then again —

WHOOSH.

The second Bludger grazed Harrys elbow. The other Beater Bole was closing in.

Harry had a fleeting glimpse of Bole and Derrick zooming toward him clubs raised —

He turned the Firebolt upward at the last second and Bole and Derrick collided with a sickening crunch.

Ha haaa yelled Lee Jordan as the Slytherin Beaters lurched away from each other clutching their heads. Too bad boys Youll need to get up earlier than that to beat a Firebolt And its Gryffindor in possession again as Johnson takes the Quaffle — Flint alongside her — poke him in the eye Angelina — it was a joke Professor it was a joke — oh no — Flint in possession Flint flying toward the Gryffindor goalposts come on now Wood save — 

But Flint had scored; there was an eruption of cheers from the Slytherin end and Lee swore so badly that Professor McGonagall tried to tug the magical megaphone away from him.

Sorry Professor sorry Wont happen again So Gryffindor in the lead thirty points to ten and Gryffindor in possession —

It was turning into the dirtiest game Harry had ever played in. Enraged that Gryffindor had taken such an early lead the Slytherins were rapidly resorting to any means to take the Quaffle. Bole hit Alicia with his club and tried to say hed thought she was a Bludger. George Weasley elbowed Bole in the face in retaliation. Madam Hooch awarded both teams penalties and Wood pulled off another spectacular save making the score forty–ten to Gryffindor.

The Snitch had disappeared again. Malfoy was still keeping close to Harry as he soared over the match looking around for it — once Gryffindor was fifty points ahead —

Katie scored. Fifty–ten. Fred and George Weasley were swooping around her clubs raised in case any of the Slytherins were thinking of revenge. Bole and Derrick took advantage of Freds and Georges absence to aim both Bludgers at Wood; they caught him in the stomach one after the other and he rolled over in the air clutching his broom completely winded.

Madam Hooch was beside herself.

YOU DO NOT ATTACK THE KEEPER UNLESS THE QUAFFLE IS WITHIN THE SCORING AREA she shrieked at Bole and Derrick. Gryffindor penalty

And Angelina scored. Sixty–ten. Moments later Fred Weasley pelted a Bludger at Warrington knocking the Quaffle out of his hands; Alicia seized it and put it through the Slytherin goal — seventy–ten.

The Gryffindor crowd below was screaming itself hoarse — Gryffindor was sixty points in the lead and if Harry caught the Snitch now the Cup was theirs. Harry could almost feel hundreds of eyes following him as he soared around the field high above the rest of the game with Malfoy speeding along behind him.

And then he saw it. The Snitch was sparkling twenty feet above him.

Harry put on a huge burst of speed; the wind was roaring in his ears; he stretched out his hand but suddenly the Firebolt was slowing down —

Horrified he looked around. Malfoy had thrown himself forward grabbed hold of the Firebolts tail and was pulling it back.

You —

Harry was angry enough to hit Malfoy but couldnt reach — Malfoy was panting with the effort of holding onto the Firebolt but his eyes were sparkling maliciously. He had achieved what hed wanted to do — the Snitch had disappeared again.

Penalty Penalty to Gryffindor Ive never seen such tactics Madam Hooch screeched shooting up to where Malfoy was sliding back onto his Nimbus Two Thousand and One.

YOU CHEATING SCUM Lee Jordan was howling into the megaphone dancing out of Professor McGonagalls reach. YOU FILTHY CHEATING B —

Professor McGonagall didnt even bother to tell him off. She was actually shaking her finger in Malfoys direction her hat had fallen off and she too was shouting furiously.

Alicia took Gryffindors penalty but she was so angry she missed by several feet. The Gryffindor team was losing concentration and the Slytherins delighted by Malfoys foul on Harry were being spurred on to greater heights.

Slytherin in possession Slytherin heading for goal — Montague scores — Lee groaned. Seventy–twenty to Gryffindor. . . .

Harry was now marking Malfoy so closely their knees kept hitting each other. Harry wasnt going to let Malfoy anywhere near the Snitch. . . .

Get out of it Potter Malfoy yelled in frustration as he tried to turn and found Harry blocking him.

Angelina Johnson gets the Quaffle for Gryffindor come on Angelina COME ON

Harry looked around. Every single Slytherin player apart from Malfoy was streaking up the pitch toward Angelina including the Slytherin Keeper — they were all going to block her —

Harry wheeled the Firebolt around bent so low he was lying flat along the handle and kicked it forward. Like a bullet he shot toward the Slytherins.

AAAAAAARRRGH

They scattered as the Firebolt zoomed toward them; Angelinas way was clear.

SHE SCORES SHE SCORES Gryffindor leads by eighty points to twenty

Harry who had almost pelted headlong into the stands skidded to a halt in midair reversed and zoomed back into the middle of the field.

And then he saw something to make his heart stand still. Malfoy was diving a look of triumph on his face — there a few feet above the grass below was a tiny golden glimmer —

Harry urged the Firebolt downward but Malfoy was miles ahead —

Go Go Go Harry urged his broom. He was gaining on Malfoy — Harry flattened himself to the broom handle as Bole sent a Bludger at him — he was at Malfoys ankles — he was level —

Harry threw himself forward taking both hands off his broom. He knocked Malfoys arm out of the way and —

YES

He pulled out of his dive his hand in the air and the stadium exploded. Harry soared above the crowd an odd ringing in his ears. The tiny golden ball was held tight in his fist beating its wings hopelessly against his fingers.

Then Wood was speeding toward him half-blinded by tears; he seized Harry around the neck and sobbed unrestrainedly into his shoulder. Harry felt two large thumps as Fred and George hit them; then Angelinas Alicias and Katies voices Weve won the Cup Weve won the Cup Tangled together in a many-armed hug the Gryffindor team sank yelling hoarsely back to earth.

Wave upon wave of crimson supporters was pouring over the barriers onto the field. Hands were raining down on their backs. Harry had a confused impression of noise and bodies pressing in on him. Then he and the rest of the team were hoisted onto the shoulders of the crowd. Thrust into the light he saw Hagrid plastered with crimson rosettes — Yeh beat em Harry yeh beat em Wait till I tell Buckbeak There was Percy jumping up and down like a maniac all dignity forgotten. Professor McGonagall was sobbing harder even than Wood wiping her eyes with an enormous Gryffindor flag; and there fighting their way toward Harry were Ron and Hermione. Words failed them. They simply beamed as Harry was borne toward the stands where Dumbledore stood waiting with the enormous Quidditch Cup.

If only there had been a dementor around. . . . As a sobbing Wood passed Harry the Cup as he lifted it into the air Harry felt he could have produced the worlds best Patronus.




