




PROFESSOR TRELAWNEYS PREDICTION




Harrys euphoria at finally winning the Quidditch Cup lasted at least a week. Even the weather seemed to be celebrating; as June approached the days became cloudless and sultry and all anybody felt like doing was strolling onto the grounds and flopping down on the grass with several pints of iced pumpkin juice perhaps playing a casual game of Gobstones or watching the giant squid propel itself dreamily across the surface of the lake.

But they couldnt. Exams were nearly upon them and instead of lazing around outside the students were forced to remain inside the castle trying to bully their brains into concentrating while enticing wafts of summer air drifted in through the windows. Even Fred and George Weasley had been spotted working; they were about to take their O.W.L.s (Ordinary Wizarding Levels). Percy was getting ready to take his N.E.W.T.s (Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests) the highest qualification Hogwarts offered. As Percy hoped to enter the Ministry of Magic he needed top grades. He was becoming increasingly edgy and gave very severe punishments to anybody who disturbed the quiet of the common room in the evenings. In fact the only person who seemed more anxious than Percy was Hermione.

Harry and Ron had given up asking her how she was managing to attend several classes at once but they couldnt restrain themselves when they saw the exam schedule she had drawn up for herself. The first column read:

Monday

9 oclock Arithmancy

9 oclock Transfiguration

Lunch

1 oclock Charms

1 oclock Ancient Runes





Hermione Ron said cautiously because she was liable to explode when interrupted these days. Er — are you sure youve copied down these times right

What snapped Hermione picking up the exam schedule and examining it. Yes of course I have.

Is there any point asking how youre going to sit for two exams at once said Harry.

No said Hermione shortly. Have either of you seen my copy of Numerology and Grammatica

Oh yeah I borrowed it for a bit of bedtime reading said Ron but very quietly. Hermione started shifting heaps of parchment around on her table looking for the book. Just then there was a rustle at the window and Hedwig fluttered through it a note clutched tight in her beak.

Its from Hagrid said Harry ripping the note open. Buckbeaks appeal — its set for the sixth.

Thats the day we finish our exams said Hermione still looking everywhere for her Arithmancy book.

And theyre coming up here to do it said Harry still reading from the letter. Someone from the Ministry of Magic and — and an executioner.

Hermione looked up startled.

Theyre bringing the executioner to the appeal But that sounds as though theyve already decided

Yeah it does said Harry slowly.

They cant Ron howled. Ive spent ages reading up on stuff for him; they cant just ignore it all

But Harry had a horrible feeling that the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures had had its mind made up for it by Mr. Malfoy. Draco who had been noticeably subdued since Gryffindors triumph in the Quidditch final seemed to regain some of his old swagger over the next few days. From sneering comments Harry overheard Malfoy was certain Buckbeak was going to be killed and seemed thoroughly pleased with himself for bringing it about. It was all Harry could do to stop himself imitating Hermione and hitting Malfoy in the face on these occasions. And the worst thing of all was that they had no time or opportunity to go and see Hagrid because the strict new security measures had not been lifted and Harry didnt dare retrieve his Invisibility Cloak from below the one-eyed witch.

Exam week began and an unnatural hush fell over the castle. The third years emerged from Transfiguration at lunchtime on Monday limp and ashen-faced comparing results and bemoaning the difficulty of the tasks they had been set which had included turning a teapot into a tortoise. Hermione irritated the rest by fussing about how her tortoise had looked more like a turtle which was the least of everyone elses worries.

Mine still had a spout for a tail what a nightmare. . . .

Were the tortoises supposed to breathe steam

It still had a willow-patterned shell dyou think thatll count against me

Then after a hasty lunch it was straight back upstairs for the Charms exam. Hermione had been right; Professor Flitwick did indeed test them on Cheering Charms. Harry slightly overdid his out of nerves and Ron who was partnering him ended up in fits of hysterical laughter and had to be led away to a quiet room for an hour before he was ready to perform the charm himself. After dinner the students hurried back to their common rooms not to relax but to start studying for Care of Magical Creatures Potions and Astronomy.

Hagrid presided over the Care of Magical Creatures exam the following morning with a very preoccupied air indeed; his heart didnt seem to be in it at all. He had provided a large tub of fresh flobberworms for the class and told them that to pass the test their flobberworm had to still be alive at the end of one hour. As flobberworms flourished best if left to their own devices it was the easiest exam any of them had ever taken and also gave Harry Ron and Hermione plenty of opportunity to speak to Hagrid.

Beakys gettin a bit depressed Hagrid told them bending low on the pretense of checking that Harrys flobberworm was still alive. Bin cooped up too long. But still . . . well know day after tomorrow — one way or the other —

They had Potions that afternoon which was an unqualified disaster. Try as Harry might he couldnt get his Confusing Concoction to thicken and Snape standing watch with an air of vindictive pleasure scribbled something that looked suspiciously like a zero onto his notes before moving away.

Then came Astronomy at midnight up on the tallest tower; History of Magic on Wednesday morning in which Harry scribbled everything Florean Fortescue had ever told him about medieval witch-hunts while wishing he could have had one of Fortescues choco-nut sundaes with him in the stifling classroom. Wednesday afternoon meant Herbology in the greenhouses under a baking-hot sun; then back to the common room once more with sunburnt necks thinking longingly of this time next day when it would all be over.

Their second to last exam on Thursday morning was Defense Against the Dark Arts. Professor Lupin had compiled the most unusual exam any of them had ever taken: a sort of obstacle course outside in the sun where they had to wade across a deep paddling pool containing a grindylow cross a series of potholes full of Red Caps squish their way across a patch of marsh while ignoring misleading directions from a hinkypunk then climb into an old trunk and battle with a new boggart.

Excellent Harry Lupin muttered as Harry climbed out of the trunk grinning. Full marks.

Flushed with his success Harry hung around to watch Ron and Hermione. Ron did very well until he reached the hinkypunk which successfully confused him into sinking waist-high into the quagmire. Hermione did everything perfectly until she reached the trunk with the boggart in it. After about a minute inside it she burst out again screaming.

Hermione said Lupin startled. Whats the matter

P-P-Professor McGonagall Hermione gasped pointing into the trunk. Sh-she said Id failed everything

It took a little while to calm Hermione down. When at last she had regained a grip on herself she Harry and Ron went back to the castle. Ron was still slightly inclined to laugh at Hermiones boggart but an argument was averted by the sight that met them on the top of the steps.

Cornelius Fudge sweating slightly in his pinstriped cloak was standing there staring out at the grounds. He started at the sight of Harry.

Hello there Harry he said. Just had an exam I expect Nearly finished

Yes said Harry. Hermione and Ron not being on speaking terms with the Minister of Magic hovered awkwardly in the background.

Lovely day said Fudge casting an eye over the lake. Pity . . . pity . . .

He sighed deeply and looked down at Harry.

Im here on an unpleasant mission Harry. The Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures required a witness to the execution of a mad hippogriff. As I needed to visit Hogwarts to check on the Black situation I was asked to step in.

Does that mean the appeals already happened Ron interrupted stepping forward.

No no its scheduled for this afternoon said Fudge looking curiously at Ron.

Then you might not have to witness an execution at all said Ron stoutly. The hippogriff might get off

Before Fudge could answer two wizards came through the castle doors behind him. One was so ancient he appeared to be withering before their very eyes; the other was tall and strapping with a thin black mustache. Harry gathered that they were representatives of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures because the very old wizard squinted toward Hagrids cabin and said in a feeble voice Dear dear Im getting too old for this. . . . Two oclock isnt it Fudge

The black-mustached man was fingering something in his belt; Harry looked and saw that he was running one broad thumb along the blade of a shining axe. Ron opened his mouth to say something but Hermione nudged him hard in the ribs and jerked her head toward the entrance hall.

Whyd you stop me said Ron angrily as they entered the Great Hall for lunch. Did you see them Theyve even got the axe ready This isnt justice

Ron your dad works for the Ministry you cant go saying things like that to his boss said Hermione but she too looked very upset. As long as Hagrid keeps his head this time and argues his case properly they cant possibly execute Buckbeak. . . .

But Harry could tell Hermione didnt really believe what she was saying. All around them people were talking excitedly as they ate their lunch happily anticipating the end of the exams that afternoon but Harry Ron and Hermione lost in worry about Hagrid and Buckbeak didnt join in.

Harrys and Rons last exam was Divination; Hermiones Muggle Studies. They walked up the marble staircase together; Hermione left them on the first floor and Harry and Ron proceeded all the way up to the seventh where many of their class were sitting on the spiral staircase to Professor Trelawneys classroom trying to cram in a bit of last-minute studying.

Shes seeing us all separately Neville informed them as they went to sit down next to him. He had his copy of Unfogging the Future open on his lap at the pages devoted to crystal gazing. Have either of you ever seen anything in a crystal ball he asked them unhappily.

Nope said Ron in an offhand voice. He kept checking his watch; Harry knew that he was counting down the time until Buckbeaks appeal started.

The line of people outside the classroom shortened very slowly. As each person climbed back down the silver ladder the rest of the class hissed What did she ask Was it okay

But they all refused to say.

She says the crystal balls told her that if I tell you Ill have a horrible accident squeaked Neville as he clambered back down the ladder toward Harry and Ron who had now reached the landing.

Thats convenient snorted Ron. You know Im starting to think Hermione was right about her — he jabbed his thumb toward the trapdoor overhead — shes a right old fraud.

Yeah said Harry looking at his own watch. It was now two oclock. Wish shed hurry up . . .

Parvati came back down the ladder glowing with pride.

She says Ive got all the makings of a true Seer she informed Harry and Ron. I saw loads of stuff. . . . Well good luck

She hurried off down the spiral staircase toward Lavender.

Ronald Weasley said the familiar misty voice from over their heads. Ron grimaced at Harry and climbed the silver ladder out of sight. Harry was now the only person left to be tested. He settled himself on the floor with his back against the wall listening to a fly buzzing in the sunny window his mind across the grounds with Hagrid.

Finally after about twenty minutes Rons large feet reappeared on the ladder.

Howd it go Harry asked him standing up.

Rubbish said Ron. Couldnt see a thing so I made some stuff up. Dont think she was convinced though. . . .

Meet you in the common room Harry muttered as Professor Trelawneys voice called Harry Potter

The tower room was hotter than ever before; the curtains were closed the fire was alight and the usual sickly scent made Harry cough as he stumbled through the clutter of chairs and tables to where Professor Trelawney sat waiting for him before a large crystal ball.

Good day my dear she said softly. If you would kindly gaze into the Orb. . . . Take your time now . . . then tell me what you see within it. . . .

Harry bent over the crystal ball and stared stared as hard as he could willing it to show him something other than swirling white fog but nothing happened.

Well Professor Trelawney prompted delicately. What do you see

The heat was overpowering and his nostrils were stinging with the perfumed smoke wafting from the fire beside them. He thought of what Ron had just said and decided to pretend.

Er — said Harry a dark shape . . . um . . .

What does it resemble whispered Professor Trelawney. Think now . . .

Harry cast his mind around and it landed on Buckbeak.

A hippogriff he said firmly.

Indeed whispered Professor Trelawney scribbling keenly on the parchment perched upon her knees. My boy you may well be seeing the outcome of poor Hagrids trouble with the Ministry of Magic Look closer. . . . Does the hippogriff appear to . . . have its head

Yes said Harry firmly.

Are you sure Professor Trelawney urged him. Are you quite sure dear You dont see it writhing on the ground perhaps and a shadowy figure raising an axe behind it

No said Harry starting to feel slightly sick.

No blood No weeping Hagrid

No said Harry again wanting more than ever to leave the room and the heat. It looks fine its — flying away. . . .

Professor Trelawney sighed.

Well dear I think well leave it there. . . . A little disappointing . . . but Im sure you did your best.

Relieved Harry got up picked up his bag and turned to go but then a loud harsh voice spoke behind him.

IT WILL HAPPEN TONIGHT.

Harry wheeled around. Professor Trelawney had gone rigid in her armchair; her eyes were unfocused and her mouth sagging.

S-sorry said Harry.

But Professor Trelawney didnt seem to hear him. Her eyes started to roll. Harry stood there in a panic. She looked as though she was about to have some sort of seizure. He hesitated thinking of running to the hospital wing — and then Professor Trelawney spoke again in the same harsh voice quite unlike her own:

THE DARK LORD LIES ALONE AND FRIENDLESS ABANDONED BY HIS FOLLOWERS. HIS SERVANT HAS BEEN CHAINED THESE TWELVE YEARS. TONIGHT BEFORE MIDNIGHT . . . THE SERVANT WILL BREAK FREE AND SET OUT TO REJOIN HIS MASTER. THE DARK LORD WILL RISE AGAIN WITH HIS SERVANTS AID GREATER AND MORE TERRIBLE THAN EVER BEFORE. TONIGHT . . . BEFORE MIDNIGHT . . . THE SERVANT . . . WILL SET OUT . . . TO REJOIN . . . HIS MASTER. . . .

Professor Trelawneys head fell forward onto her chest. She made a grunting sort of noise. Then quite suddenly Professor Trelawneys head snapped up again.

Im so sorry dear boy she said dreamily the heat of the day you know . . . I drifted off for a moment. . . .

Harry stood there still staring.

Is there anything wrong my dear

You — you just told me that the — the Dark Lords going to rise again . . . that his servants going to go back to him. . . .

Professor Trelawney looked thoroughly startled.

The Dark Lord He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named My dear boy thats hardly something to joke about. . . . Rise again indeed —

But you just said it You said the Dark Lord —

I think you must have dozed off too dear said Professor Trelawney. I would certainly not presume to predict anything quite as far-fetched as that

Harry climbed back down the ladder and the spiral staircase wondering . . . had he just heard Professor Trelawney make a real prediction Or had that been her idea of an impressive end to the test

Five minutes later he was dashing past the security trolls outside the entrance to Gryffindor Tower Professor Trelawneys words still resounding in his head. People were striding past him in the opposite direction laughing and joking heading for the grounds and a bit of long-awaited freedom; by the time he had reached the portrait hole and entered the common room it was almost deserted. Over in the corner however sat Ron and Hermione.

Professor Trelawney Harry panted just told me —

But he stopped abruptly at the sight of their faces.

Buckbeak lost said Ron weakly. Hagrids just sent this.

Hagrids note was dry this time no tears had splattered it yet his hand seemed to have shaken so much as he wrote that it was hardly legible.

Lost appeal. Theyre going to execute at sunset.Nothing you can do. Dont come down. I dont wantyou to see it.

Hagrid





Weve got to go said Harry at once. He cant just sit there on his own waiting for the executioner

Sunset though said Ron who was staring out the window in a glazed sort of way. Wed never be allowed . . . specially you Harry. . . .

Harry sank his head into his hands thinking.

If we only had the Invisibility Cloak. . . .

Where is it said Hermione.

Harry told her about leaving it in the passageway under the one-eyed witch.

. . . if Snape sees me anywhere near there again Im in serious trouble he finished.

Thats true said Hermione getting to her feet. If he sees you. . . . How do you open the witchs hump again

You — you tap it and say ‘Dissendium said Harry. But —

Hermione didnt wait for the rest of his sentence; she strode across the room pushed open the Fat Ladys portrait and vanished from sight.

She hasnt gone to get it Ron said staring after her.

She had. Hermione returned a quarter of an hour later with the silvery Cloak folded carefully under her robes.

Hermione I dont know whats gotten into you lately said Ron astounded. First you hit Malfoy then you walk out on Professor Trelawney —

Hermione looked rather flattered.

They went down to dinner with everybody else but did not return to Gryffindor Tower afterward. Harry had the Cloak hidden down the front of his robes; he had to keep his arms folded to hide the lump. They skulked in an empty chamber off the entrance hall listening until they were sure it was deserted. They heard a last pair of people hurrying across the hall and a door slamming. Hermione poked her head around the door.

Okay she whispered no one there — Cloak on —

Walking very close together so that nobody would see them they crossed the hall on tiptoe beneath the Cloak then walked down the stone front steps into the grounds. The sun was already sinking behind the Forbidden Forest gilding the top branches of the trees.

They reached Hagrids cabin and knocked. He was a minute in answering and when he did he looked all around for his visitor pale-faced and trembling.

Its us Harry hissed. Were wearing the Invisibility Cloak. Let us in and we can take it off.

Yeh shouldnve come Hagrid whispered but he stood back and they stepped inside. Hagrid shut the door quickly and Harry pulled off the Cloak.

Hagrid was not crying nor did he throw himself upon their necks. He looked like a man who did not know where he was or what to do. This helplessness was worse to watch than tears.

Wan some tea he said. His great hands were shaking as he reached for the kettle.

Wheres Buckbeak Hagrid said Hermione hesitantly.

I — I took him outside said Hagrid spilling milk all over the table as he filled up the jug. Hes tethered in me pumpkin patch. Thought he oughta see the trees an — an smell fresh air — before —

Hagrids hand trembled so violently that the milk jug slipped from his grasp and shattered all over the floor.

Ill do it Hagrid said Hermione quickly hurrying over and starting to clean up the mess.

Theres another one in the cupboard Hagrid said sitting down and wiping his forehead on his sleeve. Harry glanced at Ron who looked back hopelessly.

Isnt there anything anyone can do Hagrid Harry asked fiercely sitting down next to him. Dumbledore —

Hes tried said Hagrid. Hes got no power ter overrule the Committee. He told em Buckbeaks all right but theyre scared. . . . Yeh know what Lucius Malfoys like . . . threatened em I expect . . . an the executioner Macnair hes an old pal o Malfoys . . . but itll be quick an clean . . . an Ill be beside him. . . . 

Hagrid swallowed. His eyes were darting all over the cabin as though looking for some shred of hope or comfort.

Dumbledores gonna come down while it — while it happens. Wrote me this mornin. Said he wants ter — ter be with me. Great man Dumbledore. . . .

Hermione who had been rummaging in Hagrids cupboard for another milk jug let out a small quickly stifled sob. She straightened up with the new jug in her hands fighting back tears.

Well stay with you too Hagrid she began but Hagrid shook his shaggy head.

Yehre ter go back up ter the castle. I told yeh I don wan yeh watchin. An yeh shouldn be down here anyway. . . . If Fudge an Dumbledore catch yeh out without permission Harry yehll be in big trouble.

Silent tears were now streaming down Hermiones face but she hid them from Hagrid bustling around making tea. Then as she picked up the milk bottle to pour some into the jug she let out a shriek.

Ron I — I dont believe it — its Scabbers

Ron gaped at her.

What are you talking about

Hermione carried the milk jug over to the table and turned it upside down. With a frantic squeak and much scrambling to get back inside Scabbers the rat came sliding out onto the table.

Scabbers said Ron blankly. Scabbers what are you doing here

He grabbed the struggling rat and held him up to the light. Scabbers looked dreadful. He was thinner than ever; large tufts of hair had fallen out leaving wide bald patches and he writhed in Rons hands as though desperate to free himself.

Its okay Scabbers said Ron. No cats Theres nothing here to hurt you

Hagrid suddenly stood up his eyes fixed on the window. His normally ruddy face had gone the color of parchment.

Theyre comin. . . .

Harry Ron and Hermione whipped around. A group of men was walking down the distant castle steps. In front was Albus Dumbledore his silver beard gleaming in the dying sun. Next to him trotted Cornelius Fudge. Behind them came the feeble old Committee member and the executioner Macnair.

Yeh gotta go said Hagrid. Every inch of him was trembling. They mustn find yeh here. . . . Go now. . . .

Ron stuffed Scabbers into his pocket and Hermione picked up the Cloak.

Ill let yeh out the back way said Hagrid.

They followed him to the door into his back garden. Harry felt strangely unreal and even more so when he saw Buckbeak a few yards away tethered to a tree behind Hagrids pumpkin patch. Buckbeak seemed to know something was happening. He turned his sharp head from side to side and pawed the ground nervously.

Its okay Beaky said Hagrid softly. Its okay . . . He turned to Harry Ron and Hermione. Go on he said. Get goin.

But they didnt move.

Hagrid we cant —

Well tell them what really happened —

They cant kill him —

Go said Hagrid fiercely. Its bad enough without you lot in trouble an all

They had no choice. As Hermione threw the Cloak over Harry and Ron they heard voices at the front of the cabin. Hagrid looked at the place where they had just vanished from sight.

Go quick he said hoarsely. Don listen. . . .

And he strode back into his cabin as someone knocked at the front door.

Slowly in a kind of horrified trance Harry Ron and Hermione set off silently around Hagrids house. As they reached the other side the front door closed with a sharp snap.

Please lets hurry Hermione whispered. I cant stand it I cant bear it. . . .

They started up the sloping lawn toward the castle. The sun was sinking fast now; the sky had turned to a clear purple-tinged gray but to the west there was a ruby-red glow.

Ron stopped dead.

Oh please Ron Hermione began.

Its Scabbers — he wont — stay put —

Ron was bent over trying to keep Scabbers in his pocket but the rat was going berserk; squeaking madly twisting and flailing trying to sink his teeth into Rons hand.

Scabbers its me you idiot its Ron Ron hissed.

They heard a door open behind them and mens voices.

Oh Ron please lets move theyre going to do it Hermione breathed.

Okay — Scabbers stay put —

They walked forward; Harry like Hermione was trying not to listen to the rumble of voices behind them. Ron stopped again.

I cant hold him — Scabbers shut up everyonell hear us —

The rat was squealing wildly but not loudly enough to cover up the sounds drifting from Hagrids garden. There was a jumble of indistinct male voices a silence and then without warning the unmistakable swish and thud of an axe.

Hermione swayed on the spot.

They did it she whispered to Harry. I d-dont believe it — they did it




