




HERMIONES SECRET




Shocking business . . . shocking . . . miracle none of them died . . . never heard the like . . . by thunder it was lucky you were there Snape. . . .

Thank you Minister.

Order of Merlin Second Class Id say. First Class if I can wangle it

Thank you very much indeed Minister.

Nasty cut youve got there. . . . Blacks work I suppose

As a matter of fact it was Potter Weasley and Granger Minister. . . .

No

Black had bewitched them I saw it immediately. A Confundus Charm to judge by their behavior. They seemed to think there was a possibility he was innocent. They werent responsible for their actions. On the other hand their interference might have permitted Black to escape. . . . They obviously thought they were going to catch Black single-handed. Theyve got away with a great deal before now. . . . Im afraid its given them a rather high opinion of themselves . . . and of course Potter has always been allowed an extraordinary amount of license by the headmaster —

Ah well Snape . . . Harry Potter you know . . . weve all got a bit of a blind spot where hes concerned.

And yet — is it good for him to be given so much special treatment Personally I try and treat him like any other student. And any other student would be suspended — at the very least — for leading his friends into such danger. Consider Minister — against all school rules — after all the precautions put in place for his protection — out-of-bounds at night consorting with a werewolf and a murderer — and I have reason to believe he has been visiting Hogsmeade illegally too —

Well well . . . we shall see Snape we shall see. . . . The boy has undoubtedly been foolish. . . .

Harry lay listening with his eyes tight shut. He felt very groggy. The words he was hearing seemed to be traveling very slowly from his ears to his brain so that it was difficult to understand. . . . His limbs felt like lead; his eyelids too heavy to lift. . . . He wanted to lie here on this comfortable bed forever. . . .

What amazes me most is the behavior of the dementors . . . youve really no idea what made them retreat Snape

No Minister . . . by the time I had come round they were heading back to their positions at the entrances. . . .

Extraordinary. And yet Black and Harry and the girl —

All unconscious by the time I reached them. I bound and gagged Black naturally conjured stretchers and brought them all straight back to the castle.

There was a pause. Harrys brain seemed to be moving a little faster and as it did a gnawing sensation grew in the pit of his stomach. . . .

He opened his eyes.

Everything was slightly blurred. Somebody had removed his glasses. He was lying in the dark hospital wing. At the very end of the ward he could make out Madam Pomfrey with her back to him bending over a bed. Harry squinted. Rons red hair was visible beneath Madam Pomfreys arm.

Harry moved his head over on the pillow. In the bed to his right lay Hermione. Moonlight was falling across her bed. Her eyes were open too. She looked petrified and when she saw that Harry was awake pressed a finger to her lips then pointed to the hospital wing door. It was ajar and the voices of Cornelius Fudge and Snape were coming through it from the corridor outside.

Madam Pomfrey now came walking briskly up the dark ward to Harrys bed. He turned to look at her. She was carrying the largest block of chocolate he had ever seen in his life. It looked like a small boulder.

Ah youre awake she said briskly. She placed the chocolate on Harrys bedside table and began breaking it apart with a small hammer.

Hows Ron said Harry and Hermione together.

Hell live said Madam Pomfrey grimly. As for you two . . . youll be staying here until Im satisfied youre — Potter what do you think youre doing

Harry was sitting up putting his glasses back on and picking up his wand.

I need to see the headmaster he said.

Potter said Madam Pomfrey soothingly its all right. Theyve got Black. Hes locked away upstairs. The dementors will be performing the Kiss any moment now —

WHAT

Harry jumped up out of bed; Hermione had done the same. But his shout had been heard in the corridor outside; next second Cornelius Fudge and Snape had entered the ward.

Harry Harry whats this said Fudge looking agitated. You should be in bed — has he had any chocolate he asked Madam Pomfrey anxiously.

Minister listen Harry said. Sirius Blacks innocent Peter Pettigrew faked his own death We saw him tonight You cant let the dementors do that thing to Sirius hes —

But Fudge was shaking his head with a small smile on his face.

Harry Harry youre very confused youve been through a dreadful ordeal lie back down now weve got everything under control. . . .

YOU HAVENT Harry yelled. YOUVE GOT THE WRONG MAN

Minister listen please Hermione said; she had hurried to Harrys side and was gazing imploringly into Fudges face. I saw him too. It was Rons rat hes an Animagus Pettigrew I mean and —

You see Minister said Snape. Confunded both of them. . . . Blacks done a very good job on them. . . .

WERE NOT CONFUNDED Harry roared.

Minister Professor said Madam Pomfrey angrily. I must insist that you leave. Potter is my patient and he should not be distressed

Im not distressed Im trying to tell them what happened Harry said furiously. If theyd just listen —

But Madam Pomfrey suddenly stuffed a large chunk of chocolate into Harrys mouth; he choked and she seized the opportunity to force him back onto the bed.

Now please Minister these children need care. Please leave —

The door opened again. It was Dumbledore. Harry swallowed his mouthful of chocolate with great difficulty and got up again.

Professor Dumbledore Sirius Black —

For heavens sake said Madam Pomfrey hysterically. Is this a hospital wing or not Headmaster I must insist —

My apologies Poppy but I need a word with Mr. Potter and Miss Granger said Dumbledore calmly. I have just been talking to Sirius Black —

I suppose hes told you the same fairy tale hes planted in Potters mind spat Snape. Something about a rat and Pettigrew being alive —

That indeed is Blacks story said Dumbledore surveying Snape closely through his half-moon spectacles.

And does my evidence count for nothing snarled Snape. Peter Pettigrew was not in the Shrieking Shack nor did I see any sign of him on the grounds.

That was because you were knocked out Professor said Hermione earnestly. You didnt arrive in time to hear —

Miss Granger HOLD YOUR TONGUE

Now Snape said Fudge startled the young lady is disturbed in her mind we must make allowances —

I would like to speak to Harry and Hermione alone said Dumbledore abruptly. Cornelius Severus Poppy — please leave us.

Headmaster sputtered Madam Pomfrey. They need treatment they need rest —

This cannot wait said Dumbledore. I must insist.

Madam Pomfrey pursed her lips and strode away into her office at the end of the ward slamming the door behind her. Fudge consulted the large gold pocket watch dangling from his waistcoat.

The dementors should have arrived by now he said. Ill go and meet them. Dumbledore Ill see you upstairs.

He crossed to the door and held it open for Snape but Snape hadnt moved.

You surely dont believe a word of Blacks story Snape whispered his eyes fixed on Dumbledores face.

I wish to speak to Harry and Hermione alone Dumbledore repeated.

Snape took a step toward Dumbledore.

Sirius Black showed he was capable of murder at the age of sixteen he breathed. You havent forgotten that Headmaster You havent forgotten that he once tried to kill me

My memory is as good as it ever was Severus said Dumbledore quietly.

Snape turned on his heel and marched through the door Fudge was still holding. It closed behind them and Dumbledore turned to Harry and Hermione. They both burst into speech at the same time.

Professor Blacks telling the truth — we saw Pettigrew —

— he escaped when Professor Lupin turned into a werewolf —

— hes a rat —

— Pettigrews front paw I mean finger he cut it off —

— Pettigrew attacked Ron it wasnt Sirius —

But Dumbledore held up his hand to stem the flood of explanations.

It is your turn to listen and I beg you will not interrupt me because there is very little time he said quietly. There is not a shred of proof to support Blacks story except your word — and the word of two thirteen-year-old wizards will not convince anybody. A street full of eyewitnesses swore they saw Sirius murder Pettigrew. I myself gave evidence to the Ministry that Sirius had been the Potters Secret-Keeper.

Professor Lupin can tell you — Harry said unable to stop himself.

Professor Lupin is currently deep in the forest unable to tell anyone anything. By the time he is human again it will be too late Sirius will be worse than dead. I might add that werewolves are so mistrusted by most of our kind that his support will count for very little — and the fact that he and Sirius are old friends —

But —

Listen to me Harry. It is too late you understand me You must see that Professor Snapes version of events is far more convincing than yours.

He hates Sirius Hermione said desperately. All because of some stupid trick Sirius played on him —

Sirius has not acted like an innocent man. The attack on the Fat Lady — entering Gryffindor Tower with a knife — without Pettigrew alive or dead we have no chance of overturning Siriuss sentence.

But you believe us.

Yes I do said Dumbledore quietly. But I have no power to make other men see the truth or to overrule the Minister of Magic. . . .

Harry stared up into the grave face and felt as though the ground beneath him were falling sharply away. He had grown used to the idea that Dumbledore could solve anything. He had expected Dumbledore to pull some amazing solution out of the air. But no . . . their last hope was gone.

What we need said Dumbledore slowly and his light blue eyes moved from Harry to Hermione is more time.

But — Hermione began. And then her eyes became very round. OH

Now pay attention said Dumbledore speaking very low and very clearly. Sirius is locked in Professor Flitwicks office on the seventh floor. Thirteenth window from the right of the West Tower. If all goes well you will be able to save more than one innocent life tonight. But remember this both of you: You must not be seen. Miss Granger you know the law — you know what is at stake. . . . You — must — not — be — seen.

Harry didnt have a clue what was going on. Dumbledore had turned on his heel and looked back as he reached the door.

I am going to lock you in. It is — he consulted his watch five minutes to midnight. Miss Granger three turns should do it. Good luck.

Good luck Harry repeated as the door closed behind Dumbledore. Three turns Whats he talking about What are we supposed to do

But Hermione was fumbling with the neck of her robes pulling from beneath them a very long very fine gold chain.

Harry come here she said urgently. Quick

Harry moved toward her completely bewildered. She was holding the chain out. He saw a tiny sparkling hourglass hanging from it.

Here —

She had thrown the chain around his neck too.

Ready she said breathlessly.

What are we doing Harry said completely lost.

Hermione turned the hourglass over three times.

The dark ward dissolved. Harry had the sensation that he was flying very fast backward. A blur of colors and shapes rushed past him his ears were pounding he tried to yell but couldnt hear his own voice —

And then he felt solid ground beneath his feet and everything came into focus again —

He was standing next to Hermione in the deserted entrance hall and a stream of golden sunlight was falling across the paved floor from the open front doors. He looked wildly around at Hermione the chain of the hourglass cutting into his neck.

Hermione what — 

In here Hermione seized Harrys arm and dragged him across the hall to the door of a broom closet; she opened it pushed him inside among the buckets and mops then slammed the door behind them.

What — how — Hermione what happened

Weve gone back in time Hermione whispered lifting the chain off Harrys neck in the darkness. Three hours back . . .

Harry found his own leg and gave it a very hard pinch. It hurt a lot which seemed to rule out the possibility that he was having a very bizarre dream.

But —

Shh Listen Someones coming I think — I think it might be us

Hermione had her ear pressed against the cupboard door.

Footsteps across the hall . . . yes I think its us going down to Hagrids

Are you telling me Harry whispered that were here in this cupboard and were out there too

Yes said Hermione her ear still glued to the cupboard door. Im sure its us. It doesnt sound like more than three people . . . and were walking slowly because were under the Invisibility Cloak —

She broke off still listening intently.

Weve gone down the front steps. . . .

Hermione sat down on an upturned bucket looking desperately anxious but Harry wanted a few questions answered.

Where did you get that hourglass thing

Its called a Time-Turner Hermione whispered and I got it from Professor McGonagall on our first day back. Ive been using it all year to get to all my lessons. Professor McGonagall made me swear I wouldnt tell anyone. She had to write all sorts of letters to the Ministry of Magic so I could have one. She had to tell them that I was a model student and that Id never ever use it for anything except my studies. . . . Ive been turning it back so I could do hours over again thats how Ive been doing several lessons at once see But . . .

Harry I dont understand what Dumbledore wants us to do. Why did he tell us to go back three hours Hows that going to help Sirius

Harry stared at her shadowy face.

There must be something that happened around now he wants us to change he said slowly. What happened We were walking down to Hagrids three hours ago. . . .

This is three hours ago and we are walking down to Hagrids said Hermione. We just heard ourselves leaving. . . .

Harry frowned; he felt as though he were screwing up his whole brain in concentration.

Dumbledore just said — just said we could save more than one innocent life. . . . And then it hit him. Hermione were going to save Buckbeak

But — how will that help Sirius

Dumbledore said — he just told us where the window is — the window of Flitwicks office Where theyve got Sirius locked up Weve got to fly Buckbeak up to the window and rescue Sirius Sirius can escape on Buckbeak — they can escape together

From what Harry could see of Hermiones face she looked terrified.

If we manage that without being seen itll be a miracle

Well weve got to try havent we said Harry. He stood up and pressed his ear against the door.

Doesnt sound like anyones there. . . . Come on lets go. . . .

Harry pushed open the closet door. The entrance hall was deserted. As quietly and quickly as they could they darted out of the closet and down the stone steps. The shadows were already lengthening the tops of the trees in the Forbidden Forest gilded once more with gold.

If anyones looking out of the window — Hermione squeaked looking up at the castle behind them.

Well run for it said Harry determinedly. Straight into the forest all right Well have to hide behind a tree or something and keep a lookout —

Okay but well go around by the greenhouses said Hermione breathlessly. We need to keep out of sight of Hagrids front door or well see us We must be nearly at Hagrids by now

Still working out what she meant Harry set off at a sprint Hermione behind him. They tore across the vegetable gardens to the greenhouses paused for a moment behind them then set off again fast as they could skirting around the Whomping Willow tearing toward the shelter of the forest. . . .

Safe in the shadows of the trees Harry turned around; seconds later Hermione arrived beside him panting.

Right she gasped. We need to sneak over to Hagrids. . . . Keep out of sight Harry. . . .

They made their way silently through the trees keeping to the very edge of the forest. Then as they glimpsed the front of Hagrids house they heard a knock upon his door. They moved quickly behind a wide oak trunk and peered out from either side. Hagrid had appeared in his doorway shaking and white looking around to see who had knocked. And Harry heard his own voice.

Its us. Were wearing the Invisibility Cloak. Let us in and we can take it off.

Yeh shouldnve come Hagrid whispered. He stood back then shut the door quickly.

This is the weirdest thing weve ever done Harry said fervently.

Lets move along a bit Hermione whispered. We need to get nearer to Buckbeak

They crept through the trees until they saw the nervous hippogriff tethered to the fence around Hagrids pumpkin patch.

Now Harry whispered.

No said Hermione. If we steal him now those Committee people will think Hagrid set him free Weve got to wait until theyve seen hes tied outside

Thats going to give us about sixty seconds said Harry. This was starting to seem impossible.

At that moment there was a crash of breaking china from inside Hagrids cabin.

Thats Hagrid breaking the milk jug Hermione whispered. Im going to find Scabbers in a moment —

Sure enough a few minutes later they heard Hermiones shriek of surprise.

Hermione said Harry suddenly what if we — we just run in there and grab Pettigrew —

No said Hermione in a terrified whisper. Dont you understand Were breaking one of the most important Wizarding laws Nobodys supposed to change time nobody You heard Dumbledore if were seen —

Wed only be seen by ourselves and Hagrid

Harry what do you think youd do if you saw yourself bursting into Hagrids house said Hermione.

Id — Id think Id gone mad said Harry or Id think there was some Dark Magic going on —

Exactly You wouldnt understand you might even attack yourself Dont you see Professor McGonagall told me what awful things have happened when wizards have meddled with time. . . . Loads of them ended up killing their past or future selves by mistake

Okay said Harry. It was just an idea I just thought —

But Hermione nudged him and pointed toward the castle. Harry moved his head a few inches to get a clear view of the distant front doors. Dumbledore Fudge the old Committee member and Macnair the executioner were coming down the steps.

Were about to come out Hermione breathed.

And sure enough moments later Hagrids back door opened and Harry saw himself Ron and Hermione walking out of it with Hagrid. It was without a doubt the strangest sensation of his life standing behind the tree and watching himself in the pumpkin patch.

Its okay Beaky its okay . . .  Hagrid said to Buckbeak. Then he turned to Harry Ron and Hermione. Go on. Get goin.

Hagrid we cant —

Well tell them what really happened —

They cant kill him —

Go Its bad enough without you lot in trouble an all

Harry watched the Hermione in the pumpkin patch throw the Invisibility Cloak over him and Ron.

Go quick. Don listen. . . .

There was a knock on Hagrids front door. The execution party had arrived. Hagrid turned around and headed back into his cabin leaving the back door ajar. Harry watched the grass flatten in patches all around the cabin and heard three pairs of feet retreating. He Ron and Hermione had gone . . . but the Harry and Hermione hidden in the trees could now hear what was happening inside the cabin through the back door.

Where is the beast came the cold voice of Macnair.

Out — outside Hagrid croaked.

Harry pulled his head out of sight as Macnairs face appeared at Hagrids window staring out at Buckbeak. Then they heard Fudge.

We — er — have to read you the official notice of execution Hagrid. Ill make it quick. And then you and Macnair need to sign it. Macnair youre supposed to listen too thats procedure —

Macnairs face vanished from the window. It was now or never.

Wait here Harry whispered to Hermione. Ill do it.

As Fudges voice started again Harry darted out from behind his tree vaulted the fence into the pumpkin patch and approached Buckbeak.

It is the decision of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures that the hippogriff Buckbeak hereafter called the condemned shall be executed on the sixth of June at sundown —

Careful not to blink Harry stared up into Buckbeaks fierce orange eyes once more and bowed. Buckbeak sank to his scaly knees and then stood up again. Harry began to fumble with the knot of rope tying Buckbeak to the fence.

. . . sentenced to execution by beheading to be carried out by the Committees appointed executioner Walden Macnair . . .

Come on Buckbeak Harry murmured come on were going to help you. Quietly . . . quietly . . .

 . . . as witnessed below. Hagrid you sign here. . . .

Harry threw all his weight onto the rope but Buckbeak had dug in his front feet.

Well lets get this over with said the reedy voice of the Committee member from inside Hagrids cabin. Hagrid perhaps it will be better if you stay inside —

No I — I wan ter be with him. . . . I don wan him ter be alone —

Footsteps echoed from within the cabin.

Buckbeak move Harry hissed.

Harry tugged harder on the rope around Buckbeaks neck. The hippogriff began to walk rustling its wings irritably. They were still ten feet away from the forest in plain view of Hagrids back door.

One moment please Macnair came Dumbledores voice. You need to sign too. The footsteps stopped. Harry heaved on the rope. Buckbeak snapped his beak and walked a little faster.

Hermiones white face was sticking out from behind a tree.

Harry hurry she mouthed.

Harry could still hear Dumbledores voice talking from within the cabin. He gave the rope another wrench. Buckbeak broke into a grudging trot. They had reached the trees. . . .

Quick Quick Hermione moaned darting out from behind her tree seizing the rope too and adding her weight to make Buckbeak move faster. Harry looked over his shoulder; they were now blocked from sight; they couldnt see Hagrids garden at all.

Stop he whispered to Hermione. They might hear us —

Hagrids back door had opened with a bang. Harry Hermione and Buckbeak stood quite still; even the hippogriff seemed to be listening intently.

Silence . . . then —

Where is it said the reedy voice of the Committee member. Where is the beast

It was tied here said the executioner furiously. I saw it Just here

How extraordinary said Dumbledore. There was a note of amusement in his voice.

Beaky said Hagrid huskily.

There was a swishing noise and the thud of an axe. The executioner seemed to have swung it into the fence in anger. And then came the howling and this time they could hear Hagrids words through his sobs.

Gone Gone Bless his little beak hes gone Musta pulled himself free Beaky yeh clever boy

Buckbeak started to strain against the rope trying to get back to Hagrid. Harry and Hermione tightened their grip and dug their heels into the forest floor to stop him.

Someone untied him the executioner was snarling. We should search the grounds the forest —

Macnair if Buckbeak has indeed been stolen do you really think the thief will have led him away on foot said Dumbledore still sounding amused. Search the skies if you will. . . . Hagrid I could do with a cup of tea. Or a large brandy.

O — o course Professor said Hagrid who sounded weak with happiness. Come in come in. . . .

Harry and Hermione listened closely. They heard footsteps the soft cursing of the executioner the snap of the door and then silence once more.

Now what whispered Harry looking around.

Well have to hide in here said Hermione who looked very shaken. We need to wait until theyve gone back to the castle. Then we wait until its safe to fly Buckbeak up to Siriuss window. He wont be there for another couple of hours. . . . Oh this is going to be difficult. . . .

She looked nervously over her shoulder into the depths of the forest. The sun was setting now.

Were going to have to move said Harry thinking hard. Weve got to be able to see the Whomping Willow or we wont know whats going on.

Okay said Hermione getting a firmer grip on Buckbeaks rope. But weve got to keep out of sight Harry remember. . . .

They moved around the edge of the forest darkness falling thickly around them until they were hidden behind a clump of trees through which they could make out the Willow.

Theres Ron said Harry suddenly.

A dark figure was sprinting across the lawn and its shout echoed through the still night air.

Get away from him — get away — Scabbers come here —

And then they saw two more figures materialize out of nowhere. Harry watched himself and Hermione chasing after Ron. Then he saw Ron dive.

Gotcha Get off you stinking cat —

Theres Sirius said Harry. The great shape of the dog had bounded out from the roots of the Willow. They saw him bowl Harry over then seize Ron. . . .

Looks even worse from here doesnt it said Harry watching the dog pulling Ron into the roots. Ouch — look I just got walloped by the tree — and so did you — this is weird —

The Whomping Willow was creaking and lashing out with its lower branches; they could see themselves darting here and there trying to reach the trunk. And then the tree froze.

That was Crookshanks pressing the knot said Hermione.

And there we go . . .  Harry muttered. Were in.

The moment they disappeared the tree began to move again. Seconds later they heard footsteps quite close by. Dumbledore Macnair Fudge and the old Committee member were making their way up to the castle.

Right after wed gone down into the passage said Hermione. If only Dumbledore had come with us . . .

Macnair and Fudge wouldve come too said Harry bitterly. I bet you anything Fudge wouldve told Macnair to murder Sirius on the spot. . . .

They watched the four men climb the castle steps and disappear from view. For a few minutes the scene was deserted. Then —

Here comes Lupin said Harry as they saw another figure sprinting down the stone steps and haring toward the Willow. Harry looked up at the sky. Clouds were obscuring the moon completely.

They watched Lupin seize a broken branch from the ground and prod the knot on the trunk. The tree stopped fighting and Lupin too disappeared into the gap in its roots.

If hed only grabbed the Cloak said Harry. Its just lying there. . . .

He turned to Hermione.

If I just dashed out now and grabbed it Snaped never be able to get it and —

Harry we mustnt be seen

How can you stand this he asked Hermione fiercely. Just standing here and watching it happen He hesitated. Im going to grab the Cloak

Harry no

Hermione seized the back of Harrys robes not a moment too soon. Just then they heard a burst of song. It was Hagrid making his way up to the castle singing at the top of his voice and weaving slightly as he walked. A large bottle was swinging from his hands.

See Hermione whispered. See what would have happened Weve got to keep out of sight No Buckbeak

The hippogriff was making frantic attempts to get to Hagrid again; Harry seized his rope too straining to hold Buckbeak back. They watched Hagrid meander tipsily up to the castle. He was gone. Buckbeak stopped fighting to get away. His head drooped sadly.

Barely two minutes later the castle doors flew open yet again and Snape came charging out of them running toward the Willow.

Harrys fists clenched as they watched Snape skid to a halt next to the tree looking around. He grabbed the Cloak and held it up.

Get your filthy hands off it Harry snarled under his breath.

Shh

Snape seized the branch Lupin had used to freeze the tree prodded the knot and vanished from view as he put on the Cloak.

So thats it said Hermione quietly. Were all down there . . . and now weve just got to wait until we come back up again. . . .

She took the end of Buckbeaks rope and tied it securely around the nearest tree then sat down on the dry ground arms around her knees.

Harry theres something I dont understand. . . . Why didnt the dementors get Sirius I remember them coming and then I think I passed out . . . there were so many of them. . . .

Harry sat down too. He explained what hed seen; how as the nearest dementor had lowered its mouth to Harrys a large silver something had come galloping across the lake and forced the dementors to retreat.

Hermiones mouth was slightly open by the time Harry had finished.

But what was it

Theres only one thing it could have been to make the dementors go said Harry. A real Patronus. A powerful one.

But who conjured it

Harry didnt say anything. He was thinking back to the person hed seen on the other bank of the lake. He knew who he thought it had been . . . but how could it have been

Didnt you see what they looked like said Hermione eagerly. Was it one of the teachers

No said Harry. He wasnt a teacher.

But it must have been a really powerful wizard to drive all those dementors away. . . . If the Patronus was shining so brightly didnt it light him up Couldnt you see — 

Yeah I saw him said Harry slowly. But . . . maybe I imagined it. . . . I wasnt thinking straight. . . . I passed out right afterward. . . .

Who did you think it was

I think — Harry swallowed knowing how strange this was going to sound. I think it was my dad.

Harry glanced up at Hermione and saw that her mouth was fully open now. She was gazing at him with a mixture of alarm and pity.

Harry your dads — well — dead she said quietly.

I know that said Harry quickly.

You think you saw his ghost

I dont know . . . no . . . he looked solid. . . .

But then —

Maybe I was seeing things said Harry. But . . . from what I could see . . . it looked like him. . . . Ive got photos of him. . . .

Hermione was still looking at him as though worried about his sanity.

I know it sounds crazy said Harry flatly. He turned to look at Buckbeak who was digging his beak into the ground apparently searching for worms. But he wasnt really watching Buckbeak.

He was thinking about his father and about his three oldest friends . . . Moony Wormtail Padfoot and Prongs. . . . Had all four of them been out on the grounds tonight Wormtail had reappeared this evening when everyone had thought he was dead. . . . Was it so impossible his father had done the same Had he been seeing things across the lake The figure had been too far away to see distinctly . . . yet he had felt sure for a moment before hed lost consciousness. . . .

The leaves overhead rustled faintly in the breeze. The moon drifted in and out of sight behind the shifting clouds. Hermione sat with her face turned toward the Willow waiting.

And then at last after over an hour . . .

Here we come Hermione whispered.

She and Harry got to their feet. Buckbeak raised his head. They saw Lupin Ron and Pettigrew clambering awkwardly out of the hole in the roots followed by the unconscious Snape drifting weirdly upward. Next came Harry Hermione and Black. They all began to walk toward the castle.

Harrys heart was starting to beat very fast. He glanced up at the sky. Any moment now that cloud was going to move aside and show the moon. . . .

Harry Hermione muttered as though she knew exactly what he was thinking weve got to stay put. We mustnt be seen. Theres nothing we can do. . . .

So were just going to let Pettigrew escape all over again. . . . said Harry quietly.

How do you expect to find a rat in the dark snapped Hermione. Theres nothing we can do We came back to help Sirius. Were not supposed to be doing anything else

All right

The moon slid out from behind its cloud. They saw the tiny figures across the grounds stop. Then they saw movement —

There goes Lupin Hermione whispered. Hes transforming —

Hermione said Harry suddenly. Weve got to move

We mustnt I keep telling you —

Not to interfere Lupins going to run into the forest right at us

Hermione gasped.

Quick she moaned dashing to untie Buckbeak. Quick Where are we going to go Where are we going to hide The dementors will be coming any moment —

Back to Hagrids Harry said. Its empty now — come on

They ran as fast as they could Buckbeak cantering along behind them. They could hear the werewolf howling behind them. . . .

The cabin was in sight; Harry skidded to the door wrenched it open and Hermione and Buckbeak flashed past him; Harry threw himself in after them and bolted the door. Fang the boarhound barked loudly.

Shh Fang its us said Hermione hurrying over and scratching his ears to quieten him. That was really close she said to Harry.

Yeah . . .

Harry was looking out of the window. It was much harder to see what was going on from here. Buckbeak seemed very happy to find himself back inside Hagrids house. He lay down in front of the fire folded his wings contentedly and seemed ready for a good nap.

I think Id better go outside again you know said Harry slowly. I cant see whats going on — we wont know when its time —

Hermione looked up. Her expression was suspicious.

Im not going to try and interfere said Harry quickly. But if we dont see whats going on howre we going to know when its time to rescue Sirius

Well . . . okay then . . . Ill wait here with Buckbeak . . . but Harry be careful — theres a werewolf out there — and the dementors —

Harry stepped outside again and edged around the cabin. He could hear yelping in the distance. That meant the dementors were closing in on Sirius. . . . He and Hermione would be running to him any moment. . . .

Harry stared out toward the lake his heart doing a kind of drumroll in his chest. . . . Whoever had sent that Patronus would be appearing at any moment. . . .

For a fraction of a second he stood irresolute in front of Hagrids door. You must not be seen. But he didnt want to be seen. He wanted to do the seeing. . . . He had to know. . . .

And there were the dementors. They were emerging out of the darkness from every direction gliding around the edges of the lake. . . . They were moving away from where Harry stood to the opposite bank. . . . He wouldnt have to get near them. . . .

Harry began to run. He had no thought in his head except his father. . . . If it was him . . . if it really was him . . . he had to know had to find out. . . .

The lake was coming nearer and nearer but there was no sign of anybody. On the opposite bank he could see tiny glimmers of silver — his own attempts at a Patronus —

There was a bush at the very edge of the water. Harry threw himself behind it peering desperately through the leaves. On the opposite bank the glimmers of silver were suddenly extinguished. A terrified excitement shot through him — any moment now —

Come on he muttered staring about. Where are you Dad come on —

But no one came. Harry raised his head to look at the circle of dementors across the lake. One of them was lowering its hood. It was time for the rescuer to appear — but no one was coming to help this time —

And then it hit him — he understood. He hadnt seen his father — he had seen himself —

Harry flung himself out from behind the bush and pulled out his wand.

EXPECTO PATRONUM he yelled.

And out of the end of his wand burst not a shapeless cloud of mist but a blinding dazzling silver animal. He screwed up his eyes trying to see what it was. It looked like a horse. It was galloping silently away from him across the black surface of the lake. He saw it lower its head and charge at the swarming dementors. . . . Now it was galloping around and around the black shapes on the ground and the dementors were falling back scattering retreating into the darkness. . . . They were gone.

The Patronus turned. It was cantering back toward Harry across the still surface of the water. It wasnt a horse. It wasnt a unicorn either. It was a stag. It was shining brightly as the moon above . . . it was coming back to him. . . .

It stopped on the bank. Its hooves made no mark on the soft ground as it stared at Harry with its large silver eyes. Slowly it bowed its antlered head. And Harry realized . . .

Prongs he whispered.

But as his trembling fingertips stretched toward the creature it vanished.

Harry stood there hand still outstretched. Then with a great leap of his heart he heard hooves behind him — he whirled around and saw Hermione dashing toward him dragging Buckbeak behind her.

What did you do she said fiercely. You said you were only going to keep a lookout

I just saved all our lives . . .  said Harry. Get behind here — behind this bush — Ill explain.

Hermione listened to what had just happened with her mouth open yet again.

Did anyone see you

Yes havent you been listening I saw me but I thought I was my dad Its okay

Harry I cant believe it. . . . You conjured up a Patronus that drove away all those dementors Thats very very advanced magic. . . .

I knew I could do it this time said Harry because Id already done it. . . . Does that make sense

I dont know — Harry look at Snape

Together they peered around the bush at the other bank. Snape had regained consciousness. He was conjuring stretchers and lifting the limp forms of Harry Hermione and Black onto them. A fourth stretcher no doubt bearing Ron was already floating at his side. Then wand held out in front of him he moved them away toward the castle.

Right its nearly time said Hermione tensely looking at her watch. Weve got about forty-five minutes until Dumbledore locks the door to the hospital wing. Weve got to rescue Sirius and get back into the ward before anybody realizes were missing. . . .

They waited watching the moving clouds reflected in the lake while the bush next to them whispered in the breeze. Buckbeak bored was ferreting for worms again.

Dyou reckon hes up there yet said Harry checking his watch. He looked up at the castle and began counting the windows to the right of the West Tower.

Look Hermione whispered. Whos that Someones coming back out of the castle

Harry stared through the darkness. The man was hurrying across the grounds toward one of the entrances. Something shiny glinted in his belt.

Macnair said Harry. The executioner Hes gone to get the dementors This is it Hermione —

Hermione put her hands on Buckbeaks back and Harry gave her a leg up. Then he placed his foot on one of the lower branches of the bush and climbed up in front of her. He pulled Buckbeaks rope back over his neck and tied it to the other side of his collar like reins.

Ready he whispered to Hermione. Youd better hold on to me —

He nudged Buckbeaks sides with his heels.

Buckbeak soared straight into the dark air. Harry gripped his flanks with his knees feeling the great wings rising powerfully beneath them. Hermione was holding Harry very tight around the waist; he could hear her muttering Oh no — I dont like this — oh I really dont like this —

Harry urged Buckbeak forward. They were gliding quietly toward the upper floors of the castle. . . . Harry pulled hard on the left-hand side of the rope and Buckbeak turned. Harry was trying to count the windows flashing past —

Whoa he said pulling backward as hard as he could.

Buckbeak slowed down and they found themselves at a stop unless you counted the fact that they kept rising up and down several feet as the hippogriff beat his wings to remain airborne.

Hes there Harry said spotting Sirius as they rose up beside the window. He reached out and as Buckbeaks wings fell was able to tap sharply on the glass.

Black looked up. Harry saw his jaw drop. He leapt from his chair hurried to the window and tried to open it but it was locked.

Stand back Hermione called to him and she took out her wand still gripping the back of Harrys robes with her left hand.

Alohomora

The window sprang open.

How — how —  said Black weakly staring at the hippogriff.

Get on — theres not much time said Harry gripping Buckbeak firmly on either side of his sleek neck to hold him steady. Youve got to get out of here — the dementors are coming — Macnairs gone to get them.

Black placed a hand on either side of the window frame and heaved his head and shoulders out of it. It was very lucky he was so thin. In seconds he had managed to fling one leg over Buckbeaks back and pull himself onto the hippogriff behind Hermione.

Okay Buckbeak up said Harry shaking the rope. Up to the tower — come on

The hippogriff gave one sweep of its mighty wings and they were soaring upward again high as the top of the West Tower. Buckbeak landed with a clatter on the battlements and Harry and Hermione slid off him at once.

Sirius youd better go quick Harry panted. Theyll reach Flitwicks office any moment theyll find out youre gone.

Buckbeak pawed the ground tossing his sharp head.

What happened to the other boy Ron croaked Sirius.

Hes going to be okay. Hes still out of it but Madam Pomfrey says shell be able to make him better. Quick — go —

But Black was still staring down at Harry.

How can I ever thank —

GO Harry and Hermione shouted together.

Black wheeled Buckbeak around facing the open sky.

Well see each other again he said. You are — truly your fathers son Harry. . . .

He squeezed Buckbeaks sides with his heels. Harry and Hermione jumped back as the enormous wings rose once more. . . . The hippogriff took off into the air. . . . He and his rider became smaller and smaller as Harry gazed after them . . . then a cloud drifted across the moon. . . . They were gone.




