




THE LOST DIADEM




Neville — what the — how — 

But Neville had spotted Ron and Hermione and with yells of delight was hugging them too. The longer Harry looked at Neville the worse he appeared: One of his eyes was swollen yellow and purple there were gouge marks on his face and his general air of unkemptness suggested that he had been living rough. Nevertheless his battered visage shone with happiness as he let go of Hermione and said again I knew youd come Kept telling Seamus it was a matter of time

Neville whats happened to you

What This Neville dismissed his injuries with a shake of the head. This is nothing. Seamus is worse. Youll see. Shall we get going then Oh he turned to Aberforth Ab there might be a couple more people on the way.

Couple more repeated Aberforth ominously. What dyou mean a couple more Longbottom Theres a curfew and a Caterwauling Charm on the whole village

I know thats why theyll be Apparating directly into the bar said Neville. Just send them down the passage when they get here will you Thanks a lot.

Neville held out his hand to Hermione and helped her to climb up onto the mantelpiece and into the tunnel; Ron followed then Neville. Harry addressed Aberforth.

I dont know how to thank you. Youve saved our lives twice.

Look after em then said Aberforth gruffly. I might not be able to save em a third time.

Harry clambered up onto the mantelpiece and through the hole behind Arianas portrait. There were smooth stone steps on the other side: It looked as though the passageway had been there for years. Brass lamps hung from the walls and the earthy floor was worn and smooth; as they walked their shadows rippled fanlike across the wall.

How longs this been here Ron asked as they set off. It isnt on the Marauders Map is it Harry I thought there were only seven passages in and out of school

They sealed off all of those before the start of the year said Neville. Theres no chance of getting through any of them now not with curses over the entrances and Death Eaters and dementors waiting at the exits. He started walking backward beaming drinking them in. Never mind that stuff . . . Is it true Did you break into Gringotts Did you escape on a dragon Its everywhere everyones talking about it Terry Boot got beaten up by Carrow for yelling about it in the Great Hall at dinner

Yeah its true said Harry.

Neville laughed gleefully.

What did you do with the dragon

Released it into the wild said Ron. Hermione was all for keeping it as a pet —

Dont exaggerate Ron —

But what have you been doing People have been saying youve just been on the run Harry but I dont think so. I think youve been up to something.

Youre right said Harry but tell us about Hogwarts Neville we havent heard anything.

Its been . . . well its not really like Hogwarts anymore said Neville the smile fading from his face as he spoke. Do you know about the Carrows

Those two Death Eaters who teach here

They do more than teach said Neville. Theyre in charge of all discipline. They like punishment the Carrows.

Like Umbridge

Nah they make her look tame. The other teachers are all supposed to refer us to the Carrows if we do anything wrong. They dont though if they can avoid it. You can tell they all hate them as much as we do.

Amycus the bloke he teaches what used to be Defense Against the Dark Arts except now its just the Dark Arts. Were supposed to practice the Cruciatus Curse on people whove earned detentions —

What

Harry Ron and Hermiones united voices echoed up and down the passage.

Yeah said Neville. Thats how I got this one he pointed at a particularly deep gash in his cheek I refused to do it. Some people are into it though; Crabbe and Goyle love it. First time theyve ever been top in anything I expect.

Alecto Amycuss sister teaches Muggle Studies which is compulsory for everyone. Weve all got to listen to her explain how Muggles are like animals stupid and dirty and how they drove wizards into hiding by being vicious toward them and how the natural order is being reestablished. I got this one he indicated another slash to his face for asking her how much Muggle blood she and her brother have got.

Blimey Neville said Ron theres a time and a place for getting a smart mouth.

You didnt hear her said Neville. You wouldnt have stood it either. The thing is it helps when people stand up to them it gives everyone hope. I used to notice that when you did it Harry.

But theyve used you as a knife sharpener said Ron wincing slightly as they passed a lamp and Nevilles injuries were thrown into even greater relief.

Neville shrugged.

Doesnt matter. They dont want to spill too much pure blood so theyll torture us a bit if were mouthy but they wont actually kill us.

Harry did not know what was worse the things that Neville was saying or the matter-of-fact tone in which he said them.

The only people in real danger are the ones whose friends and relatives on the outside are giving trouble. They get taken hostage. Old Xeno Lovegood was getting a bit too outspoken in The Quibbler so they dragged Luna off the train on the way back for Christmas.

Neville shes all right weve seen her —

Yeah I know she managed to get a message to me.

From his pocket he pulled a golden coin and Harry recognized it as one of the fake Galleons that Dumbledores Army had used to send one another messages.

These have been great said Neville beaming at Hermione. The Carrows never rumbled how we were communicating it drove them mad. We used to sneak out at night and put graffiti on the walls: Dumbledores Army Still Recruiting stuff like that. Snape hated it.

You used to said Harry who had noticed the past tense.

Well it got more difficult as time went on said Neville. We lost Luna at Christmas and Ginny never came back after Easter and the three of us were sort of the leaders. The Carrows seemed to know I was behind a lot of it so they started coming down on me hard and then Michael Corner went and got caught releasing a first-year theyd chained up and they tortured him pretty badly. That scared people off.

No kidding muttered Ron as the passage began to slope upward.

Yeah well I couldnt ask people to go through what Michael did so we dropped those kinds of stunts. But we were still fighting doing underground stuff right up until a couple of weeks ago. Thats when they decided there was only one way to stop me I suppose and they went for Gran.

They what said Harry Ron and Hermione together.

Yeah said Neville panting a little now because the passage was climbing so steeply well you can see their thinking. It had worked really well kidnapping kids to force their relatives to behave I spose it was only a matter of time before they did it the other way around. Thing was he faced them and Harry was astonished to see that he was grinning they bit off a bit more than they could chew with Gran. Little old witch living alone they probably thought they didnt need to send anyone particularly powerful. Anyway Neville laughed Dawlish is still in St. Mungos and Grans on the run. She sent me a letter he clapped a hand to the breast pocket of his robes telling me she was proud of me that Im my parents son and to keep it up.

Cool said Ron.

Yeah said Neville happily. Only thing was once they realized they had no hold over me they decided Hogwarts could do without me after all. I dont know whether they were planning to kill me or send me to Azkaban; either way I knew it was time to disappear.

But said Ron looking thoroughly confused arent — arent we heading straight back into Hogwarts

Course said Neville. Youll see. Were here.

They turned a corner and there ahead of them was the end of the passage. Another short flight of steps led to a door just like the one hidden behind Arianas portrait. Neville pushed it open and climbed through. As Harry followed he heard Neville call out to unseen people:

Look who it is Didnt I tell you

As Harry emerged into the room beyond the passage there were several screams and yells: HARRY Its Potter its POTTER Ron Hermione

He had a confused impression of colored hangings of lamps and many faces. The next moment he Ron and Hermione were engulfed hugged pounded on the back their hair ruffled their hands shaken by what seemed to be more than twenty people: They might just have won a Quidditch final.

Okay okay calm down Neville called and as the crowd backed away Harry was able to take in their surroundings.

He did not recognize the room at all. It was enormous and looked rather like the interior of a particularly sumptuous tree house or perhaps a gigantic ships cabin. Multicolored hammocks were strung from the ceiling and from a balcony that ran around the dark wood-paneled and windowless walls which were covered in bright tapestry hangings: Harry saw the gold Gryffindor lion emblazoned on scarlet; the black badger of Hufflepuff set against yellow; and the bronze eagle of Ravenclaw on blue. The silver and green of Slytherin alone were absent. There were bulging bookcases a few broomsticks propped against the walls and in the corner a large wooden-cased wireless.

Where are we

Room of Requirement of course said Neville. Surpassed itself hasnt it The Carrows were chasing me and I knew I had just one chance for a hideout: I managed to get through the door and this is what I found Well it wasnt exactly like this when I arrived it was a load smaller there was only one hammock and just Gryffindor hangings. But its expanded as more and more of the D.A. have arrived.

And the Carrows cant get in asked Harry looking around for the door.

No said Seamus Finnigan whom Harry had not recognized until he spoke: Seamuss face was bruised and puffy. Its a proper hideout as long as one of us stays in here they cant get at us the door wont open. Its all down to Neville. He really gets this room. Youve got to ask it for exactly what you need — like ‘I dont want any Carrow supporters to be able to get in — and itll do it for you Youve just got to make sure you close the loopholes Nevilles the man

Its quite straightforward really said Neville modestly. Id been in here about a day and a half and getting really hungry and wishing I could get something to eat and thats when the passage to the Hogs Head opened up. I went through it and met Aberforth. Hes been providing us with food because for some reason thats the one thing the room doesnt really do.

Yeah well foods one of the five exceptions to Gamps Law of Elemental Transfiguration said Ron to general astonishment.

So weve been hiding out here for nearly two weeks said Seamus and it just makes more hammocks every time we need them and it even sprouted a pretty good bathroom once girls started turning up —

— and thought theyd quite like to wash yes supplied Lavender Brown whom Harry had not noticed until that point. Now that he looked around properly he recognized many familiar faces. Both Patil twins were there as were Terry Boot Ernie Macmillan Anthony Goldstein and Michael Corner.

Tell us what youve been up to though said Ernie. Thereve been so many rumors weve been trying to keep up with you on Potterwatch. He pointed at the wireless. You didnt break into Gringotts

They did said Neville. And the dragons true too

There was a smattering of applause and a few whoops; Ron took a bow.

What were you after asked Seamus eagerly.

Before any of them could parry the question with one of their own Harry felt a terrible scorching pain in the lightning scar. As he turned his back hastily on the curious and delighted faces the Room of Requirement vanished and he was standing inside a ruined stone shack and the rotting floorboards were ripped apart at his feet a disinterred golden box lay open and empty beside the hole and Voldemorts scream of fury vibrated inside his head.

With an enormous effort he pulled out of Voldemorts mind again back to where he stood swaying in the Room of Requirement sweat pouring from his face and Ron holding him up.

Are you all right Harry Neville was saying. Want to sit down I expect youre tired arent — 

No said Harry. He looked at Ron and Hermione trying to tell them without words that Voldemort had just discovered the loss of one of the other Horcruxes. Time was running out fast: If Voldemort chose to visit Hogwarts next they would miss their chance.

We need to get going he said and their expressions told him that they understood.

What are we going to do then Harry asked Seamus. Whats the plan

Plan repeated Harry. He was exercising all his willpower to prevent himself succumbing again to Voldemorts rage: His scar was still burning. Well theres something we — Ron Hermione and I — need to do and then well get out of here.

Nobody was laughing or whooping anymore. Neville looked confused.

What dyou mean ‘get out of here

We havent come back to stay said Harry rubbing his scar trying to soothe the pain. Theres something important we need to do —

What is it

I — I cant tell you.

There was a ripple of muttering at this: Nevilles brows contracted.

Why cant you tell us Its something to do with fighting You-Know-Who right

Well yeah —

Then well help you.

The other members of Dumbledores Army were nodding some enthusiastically others solemnly. A couple of them rose from their chairs to demonstrate their willingness for immediate action.

You dont understand. Harry seemed to have said that a lot in the last few hours. We — we cant tell you. Weve got to do it — alone.

Why asked Neville.

Because . . . In his desperation to start looking for the missing Horcrux or at least to have a private discussion with Ron and Hermione about where they might commence their search Harry found it difficult to gather his thoughts. His scar was still searing. Dumbledore left the three of us a job he said carefully and we werent supposed to tell — I mean he wanted us to do it just the three of us.

Were his army said Neville. Dumbledores Army. We were all in it together weve been keeping it going while you three have been off on your own —

It hasnt exactly been a picnic mate said Ron.

I never said it had but I dont see why you cant trust us. Everyone in this rooms been fighting and theyve been driven in here because the Carrows were hunting them down. Everyone in heres proven theyre loyal to Dumbledore — loyal to you.

Look Harry began without knowing what he was going to say but it did not matter: The tunnel door had just opened behind him.

We got your message Neville Hello you three I thought you must be here

It was Luna and Dean. Seamus gave a great roar of delight and ran to hug his best friend.

Hi everyone said Luna happily. Oh its great to be back

Luna said Harry distractedly what are you doing here How did you — 

I sent for her said Neville holding up the fake Galleon. I promised her and Ginny that if you turned up Id let them know. We all thought that if you came back it would mean revolution. That we were going to overthrow Snape and the Carrows.

Of course thats what it means said Luna brightly. Isnt it Harry Were going to fight them out of Hogwarts

Listen said Harry with a rising sense of panic Im sorry but thats not what we came back for. Theres something weve got to do and then —

Youre going to leave us in this mess demanded Michael Corner.

No said Ron. What were doing will benefit everyone in the end its all about trying to get rid of You-Know-Who —

Then let us help said Neville angrily. We want to be a part of it

There was another noise behind them and Harry turned. His heart seemed to fail: Ginny was now climbing through the hole in the wall closely followed by Fred George and Lee Jordan. Ginny gave Harry a radiant smile: He had forgotten or had never fully appreciated how beautiful she was but he had never been less pleased to see her.

Aberforths getting a bit annoyed said Fred raising his hand in answer to several cries of greeting. He wants a kip and his bars turned into a railway station.

Harrys mouth fell open. Right behind Lee Jordan came Harrys old girlfriend Cho Chang. She smiled at him.

I got the message she said holding up her own fake Galleon and she walked over to sit beside Michael Corner.

So whats the plan Harry said George.

There isnt one said Harry still disoriented by the sudden appearance of all these people unable to take everything in while his scar was still burning so fiercely.

Just going to make it up as we go along are we My favorite kind said Fred.

Youve got to stop this Harry told Neville. What did you call them all back for This is insane —

Were fighting arent we said Dean taking out his fake Galleon. The message said Harry was back and we were going to fight Ill have to get a wand though —

You havent got a wand —  began Seamus.

Ron turned suddenly to Harry.

Why cant they help

What

They can help. He dropped his voice and said so that none of them could hear but Hermione who stood between them We dont know where it is. Weve got to find it fast. We dont have to tell them its a Horcrux.

Harry looked from Ron to Hermione who murmured I think Rons right. We dont even know what were looking for we need them. And when Harry looked unconvinced You dont have to do everything alone Harry.

Harry thought fast his scar still prickling his head threatening to split again. Dumbledore had warned him against telling anyone but Ron and Hermione about the Horcruxes. Secrets and lies thats how we grew up and Albus . . . he was a natural. . . . Was he turning into Dumbledore keeping his secrets clutched to his chest afraid to trust But Dumbledore had trusted Snape and where had that led To murder at the top of the highest tower . . .

All right he said quietly to the other two. Okay he called to the room at large and all noise ceased: Fred and George who had been cracking jokes for the benefit of those nearest fell silent and all of them looked alert excited.

Theres something we need to find Harry said. Something — something thatll help us overthrow You-Know-Who. Its here at Hogwarts but we dont know where. It might have belonged to Ravenclaw. Has anyone heard of an object like that Has anyone ever come across something with her eagle on it for instance

He looked hopefully toward the little group of Ravenclaws to Padma Michael Terry and Cho but it was Luna who answered perched on the arm of Ginnys chair.

Well theres her lost diadem. I told you about it remember Harry The lost diadem of Ravenclaw Daddys trying to duplicate it.

Yeah but the lost diadem said Michael Corner rolling his eyes is lost Luna. Thats sort of the point.

When was it lost asked Harry.

Centuries ago they say said Cho and Harrys heart sank. Professor Flitwick says the diadem vanished with Ravenclaw herself. People have looked but she appealed to her fellow Ravenclaws nobodys ever found a trace of it have they

They all shook their heads.

Sorry but what is a diadem asked Ron.

Its a kind of crown said Terry Boot. Ravenclaws was supposed to have magical properties enhance the wisdom of the wearer.

Yes Daddys Wrackspurt siphons —

But Harry cut across Luna.

And none of you have ever seen anything that looks like it

They all shook their heads again. Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and his own disappointment was mirrored back at him. An object that had been lost this long and apparently without trace did not seem like a good candidate for the Horcrux hidden in the castle. . . . Before he could formulate a new question however Cho spoke again.

If youd like to see what the diadems supposed to look like I could take you up to our common room and show you Harry Ravenclaws wearing it in her statue.

Harrys scar scorched again: For a moment the Room of Requirement swam before him and he saw instead the dark earth soaring beneath him and felt the great snake wrapped around his shoulders. Voldemort was flying again whether to the underground lake or here to the castle he did not know: Either way there was hardly any time left.

Hes on the move he said quietly to Ron and Hermione. He glanced at Cho and then back at them. Listen I know its not much of a lead but Im going to go and look at this statue at least find out what the diadem looks like. Wait for me here and keep you know — the other one — safe.

Cho had got to her feet but Ginny said rather fiercely No Luna will take Harry wont you Luna

Oooh yes Id like to said Luna happily and Cho sat down again looking disappointed.

How do we get out Harry asked Neville.

Over here.

He led Harry and Luna to a corner where a small cupboard opened onto a steep staircase.

It comes out somewhere different every day so theyve never been able to find it he said. Only trouble is we never know exactly where were going to end up when we go out. Be careful Harry theyre always patrolling the corridors at night.

No problem said Harry. See you in a bit.

He and Luna hurried up the staircase which was long lit by torches and turned corners in unexpected places. At last they reached what appeared to be solid wall.

Get under here Harry told Luna pulling out the Invisibility Cloak and throwing it over both of them. He gave the wall a little push.

It melted away at his touch and they slipped outside: Harry glanced back and saw that it had resealed itself at once. They were standing in a dark corridor: Harry pulled Luna back into the shadows fumbled in the pouch around his neck and took out the Marauders Map. Holding it close to his nose he searched and located his and Lunas dots at last.

Were up on the fifth floor he whispered watching Filch moving away from them a corridor ahead. Come on this way.

They crept off.

Harry had prowled the castle at night many times before but never had his heart hammered this fast never had so much depended on his safe passage through the place. Through squares of moonlight upon the floor past suits of armor whose helmets creaked at the sound of their soft footsteps around corners beyond which who knew what lurked Harry and Luna walked checking the Marauders Map whenever light permitted twice pausing to allow a ghost to pass without drawing attention to themselves. He expected to encounter an obstacle at any moment; his worst fear was Peeves and he strained his ears with every step to hear the first telltale signs of the poltergeists approach.

This way Harry breathed Luna plucking his sleeve and pulling him toward a spiral staircase.

They climbed in tight dizzying circles; Harry had never been up here before. At last they reached a door. There was no handle and no keyhole: nothing but a plain expanse of aged wood and a bronze knocker in the shape of an eagle.

Luna reached out a pale hand which looked eerie floating in midair unconnected to arm or body. She knocked once and in the silence it sounded to Harry like a cannon blast. At once the beak of the eagle opened but instead of a birds call a soft musical voice said Which came first the phoenix or the flame

Hmm . . . What do you think Harry said Luna looking thoughtful.

What Isnt there just a password

Oh no youve got to answer a question said Luna.

What if you get it wrong

Well you have to wait for somebody who gets it right said Luna. That way you learn you see

Yeah . . . Trouble is we cant really afford to wait for anyone else Luna.

No I see what you mean said Luna seriously. Well then I think the answer is that a circle has no beginning.

Well reasoned said the voice and the door swung open.

The deserted Ravenclaw common room was a wide circular room airier than any Harry had ever seen at Hogwarts. Graceful arched windows punctuated the walls which were hung with blue-and-bronze silks: By day the Ravenclaws would have a spectacular view of the surrounding mountains. The ceiling was domed and painted with stars which were echoed in the midnight-blue carpet. There were tables chairs and bookcases and in a niche opposite the door stood a tall statue of white marble.

Harry recognized Rowena Ravenclaw from the bust he had seen at Lunas house. The statue stood beside a door that led he guessed to dormitories above. He strode right up to the marble woman and she seemed to look back at him with a quizzical half smile on her face beautiful yet slightly intimidating. A delicate-looking circlet had been reproduced in marble on top of her head. It was not unlike the tiara Fleur had worn at her wedding. There were tiny words etched into it. Harry stepped out from under the Cloak and climbed up onto Ravenclaws plinth to read them.

‘Wit beyond measure is mans greatest treasure.

Which makes you pretty skint witless said a cackling voice.

Harry whirled around slipped off the plinth and landed on the floor. The sloping-shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow was standing before him and even as Harry raised his wand she pressed a stubby forefinger to the skull and snake branded on her forearm.




