




AN EXCESS OF PHLEGM




Harry and Dumbledore approached the back door of the Burrow which was surrounded by the familiar litter of old Wellington boots and rusty cauldrons; Harry could hear the soft clucking of sleepy chickens coming from a distant shed. Dumbledore knocked three times and Harry saw sudden movement behind the kitchen window.

Whos there said a nervous voice he recognized as Mrs. Weasleys. Declare yourself

It is I Dumbledore bringing Harry.

The door opened at once. There stood Mrs. Weasley short plump and wearing an old green dressing gown.

Harry dear Gracious Albus you gave me a fright you said not to expect you before morning

We were lucky said Dumbledore ushering Harry over the threshold. Slughorn proved much more persuadable than I had expected. Harrys doing of course. Ah hello Nymphadora

Harry looked around and saw that Mrs. Weasley was not alone despite the lateness of the hour. A young witch with a pale heart-shaped face and mousy brown hair was sitting at the table clutching a large mug between her hands.

Hello Professor she said. Wotcher Harry.

Hi Tonks.

Harry thought she looked drawn even ill and there was something forced in her smile. Certainly her appearance was less colorful than usual without her customary shade of bubble-gum-pink hair.

Id better be off she said quickly standing up and pulling her cloak around her shoulders. Thanks for the tea and sympathy Molly.

Please dont leave on my account said Dumbledore courteously I cannot stay I have urgent matters to discuss with Rufus Scrimgeour.

No no I need to get going said Tonks not meeting Dumbledores eyes. Night —

Dear why not come to dinner at the weekend Remus and Mad-Eye are coming — 

No really Molly . . . thanks anyway . . . Good night everyone.

Tonks hurried past Dumbledore and Harry into the yard; a few paces beyond the doorstep she turned on the spot and vanished into thin air. Harry noticed that Mrs. Weasley looked troubled.

Well I shall see you at Hogwarts Harry said Dumbledore. Take care of yourself. Molly your servant.

He made Mrs. Weasley a bow and followed Tonks vanishing at precisely the same spot. Mrs. Weasley closed the door on the empty yard and then steered Harry by the shoulders into the full glow of the lantern on the table to examine his appearance.

Youre like Ron she sighed looking him up and down. Both of you look as though youve had Stretching Jinxes put on you. I swear Rons grown four inches since I last bought him school robes. Are you hungry Harry

Yeah I am said Harry suddenly realizing just how hungry he was.

Sit down dear Ill knock something up.

As Harry sat down a furry ginger cat with a squashed face jumped onto his knees and settled there purring.

So Hermiones here he asked happily as he tickled Crookshanks behind the ears.

Oh yes she arrived the day before yesterday said Mrs. Weasley rapping a large iron pot with her wand. It bounced onto the stove with a loud clang and began to bubble at once. Everyones in bed of course we didnt expect you for hours. Here you are —

She tapped the pot again; it rose into the air flew toward Harry and tipped over; Mrs. Weasley slid a bowl neatly beneath it just in time to catch the stream of thick steaming onion soup.

Bread dear

Thanks Mrs. Weasley.

She waved her wand over her shoulder; a loaf of bread and a knife soared gracefully onto the table; as the loaf sliced itself and the soup pot dropped back onto the stove Mrs. Weasley sat down opposite him.

So you persuaded Horace Slughorn to take the job

Harry nodded his mouth so full of hot soup that he could not speak.

He taught Arthur and me said Mrs. Weasley. He was at Hogwarts for ages started around the same time as Dumbledore I think. Did you like him

His mouth now full of bread Harry shrugged and gave a noncommittal jerk of the head.

I know what you mean said Mrs. Weasley nodding wisely. Of course he can be charming when he wants to be but Arthurs never liked him much. The Ministrys littered with Slughorns old favorites he was always good at giving leg ups but he never had much time for Arthur — didnt seem to think he was enough of a highflier. Well that just shows you even Slughorn makes mistakes. I dont know whether Rons told you in any of his letters — its only just happened — but Arthurs been promoted

It could not have been clearer that Mrs. Weasley had been bursting to say this.

Harry swallowed a large amount of very hot soup and thought he could feel his throat blistering. Thats great he gasped.

You are sweet beamed Mrs. Weasley possibly taking his watering eyes for emotion at the news. Yes Rufus Scrimgeour has set up several new offices in response to the present situation and Arthurs heading the Office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects. Its a big job hes got ten people reporting to him now

What exactly — 

Well you see in all the panic about You-Know-Who odd things have been cropping up for sale everywhere things that are supposed to guard against You-Know-Who and the Death Eaters. You can imagine the kind of thing — so-called protective potions that are really gravy with a bit of bubotuber pus added or instructions for defensive jinxes that actually make your ears fall off. . . . Well in the main the perpetrators are just people like Mundungus Fletcher whove never done an honest days work in their lives and are taking advantage of how frightened everybody is but every now and then something really nasty turns up. The other day Arthur confiscated a box of cursed Sneakoscopes that were almost certainly planted by a Death Eater. So you see its a very important job and I tell him its just silly to miss dealing with spark plugs and toasters and all the rest of that Muggle rubbish. Mrs. Weasley ended her speech with a stern look as if it had been Harry suggesting that it was natural to miss spark plugs.

Is Mr. Weasley still at work Harry asked.

Yes he is. As a matter of fact hes a tiny bit late. . . . He said hed be back around midnight. . . .

She turned to look at a large clock that was perched awkwardly on top of a pile of sheets in the washing basket at the end of the table. Harry recognized it at once: It had nine hands each inscribed with the name of a family member and usually hung on the Weasleys sitting room wall though its current position suggested that Mrs. Weasley had taken to carrying it around the house with her. Every single one of its nine hands was now pointing at mortal peril.

Its been like that for a while now said Mrs. Weasley in an unconvincingly casual voice ever since You-Know-Who came back into the open. I suppose everybodys in mortal danger now. . . . I dont think it can be just our family . . . but I dont know anyone else whos got a clock like this so I cant check. Oh

With a sudden exclamation she pointed at the clocks face. Mr. Weasleys hand had switched to traveling.

Hes coming

And sure enough a moment later there was a knock on the back door. Mrs. Weasley jumped up and hurried to it; with one hand on the doorknob and her face pressed against the wood she called softly Arthur is that you

Yes came Mr. Weasleys weary voice. But I would say that even if I were a Death Eater dear. Ask the question

Oh honestly . . .

Molly

All right all right . . . What is your dearest ambition

To find out how airplanes stay up.

Mrs. Weasley nodded and turned the doorknob but apparently Mr. Weasley was holding tight to it on the other side because the door remained firmly shut.

Molly Ive got to ask you your question first

Arthur really this is just silly. . . .

What do you like me to call you when were alone together

Even by the dim light of the lantern Harry could tell that Mrs. Weasley had turned bright red; he himself felt suddenly warm around the ears and neck and hastily gulped soup clattering his spoon as loudly as he could against the bowl.

Mollywobbles whispered a mortified Mrs. Weasley into the crack at the edge of the door.

Correct said Mr. Weasley. Now you can let me in.

Mrs. Weasley opened the door to reveal her husband a thin balding red-haired wizard wearing horn-rimmed spectacles and a long and dusty traveling cloak.

I still dont see why we have to go through that every time you come home said Mrs. Weasley still pink in the face as she helped her husband out of his cloak. I mean a Death Eater might have forced the answer out of you before impersonating you

I know dear but its Ministry procedure and I have to set an example. Something smells good — onion soup

Mr. Weasley turned hopefully in the direction of the table.

Harry We didnt expect you until morning

They shook hands and Mr. Weasley dropped into the chair beside Harry as Mrs. Weasley set a bowl of soup in front of him too.

Thanks Molly. Its been a tough night. Some idiots started selling Metamorph-Medals. Just sling them around your neck and youll be able to change your appearance at will. A hundred thousand disguises all for ten Galleons

And what really happens when you put them on

Mostly you just turn a fairly unpleasant orange color but a couple of people have also sprouted tentaclelike warts all over their bodies. As if St. Mungos didnt have enough to do already

It sounds like the sort of thing Fred and George would find funny said Mrs. Weasley hesitantly. Are you sure — 

Of course I am said Mr. Weasley. The boys wouldnt do anything like that now not when people are desperate for protection

So is that why youre late Metamorph-Medals

No we got wind of a nasty backfiring jinx down in Elephant and Castle but luckily the Magical Law Enforcement Squad had sorted it out by the time we got there. . . .

Harry stifled a yawn behind his hand.

Bed said an undeceived Mrs. Weasley at once. Ive got Fred and Georges room all ready for you youll have it to yourself.

Why where are they

Oh theyre in Diagon Alley sleeping in the little flat over their joke shop as theyre so busy said Mrs. Weasley. I must say I didnt approve at first but they do seem to have a bit of a flair for business Come on dear your trunks already up there.

Night Mr. Weasley said Harry pushing back his chair. Crookshanks leapt lightly from his lap and slunk out of the room.

Gnight Harry said Mr. Weasley.

Harry saw Mrs. Weasley glance at the clock in the washing basket as they left the kitchen. All the hands were once again at mortal peril.

Fred and Georges bedroom was on the second floor. Mrs. Weasley pointed her wand at a lamp on the bedside table and it ignited at once bathing the room in a pleasant golden glow. Though a large vase of flowers had been placed on a desk in front of the small window their perfume could not disguise the lingering smell of what Harry thought was gunpowder. A considerable amount of floor space was devoted to a vast number of unmarked sealed cardboard boxes amongst which stood Harrys school trunk. The room looked as though it was being used as a temporary warehouse.

Hedwig hooted happily at Harry from her perch on top of a large wardrobe then took off through the window; Harry knew she had been waiting to see him before going hunting. Harry bade Mrs. Weasley good night put on pajamas and got into one of the beds. There was something hard inside the pillowcase. He groped inside it and pulled out a sticky purple-and-orange sweet which he recognized as a Puking Pastille. Smiling to himself he rolled over and was instantly asleep.

Seconds later or so it seemed to Harry he was awakened by what sounded like cannon fire as the door burst open. Sitting bolt upright he heard the rasp of the curtains being pulled back: The dazzling sunlight seemed to poke him hard in both eyes. Shielding them with one hand he groped hopelessly for his glasses with the other.

Wuzzgoinon

We didnt know you were here already said a loud and excited voice and he received a sharp blow to the top of the head.

Ron dont hit him said a girls voice reproachfully.

Harrys hand found his glasses and he shoved them on though the light was so bright he could hardly see anyway. A long looming shadow quivered in front of him for a moment; he blinked and Ron Weasley came into focus grinning down at him.

All right

Never been better said Harry rubbing the top of his head and slumping back onto his pillows. You

Not bad said Ron pulling over a cardboard box and sitting on it. When did you get here Mums only just told us

About one oclock this morning.

Were the Muggles all right Did they treat you okay

Same as usual said Harry as Hermione perched herself on the edge of his bed they didnt talk to me much but I like it better that way. Howre you Hermione

Oh Im fine said Hermione who was scrutinizing Harry as though he was sickening for something. He thought he knew what was behind this and as he had no wish to discuss Siriuss death or any other miserable subject at the moment he said Whats the time Have I missed breakfast

Dont worry about that Mums bringing you up a tray; she reckons you look underfed said Ron rolling his eyes. So whats been going on

Nothing much Ive just been stuck at my aunt and uncles havent I

Come off it said Ron. Youve been off with Dumbledore

It wasnt that exciting. He just wanted me to help him persuade this old teacher to come out of retirement. His names Horace Slughorn.

Oh said Ron looking disappointed. We thought —

Hermione flashed a warning look at Ron and Ron changed tack at top speed.

— we thought itd be something like that.

You did said Harry amused.

Yeah . . . yeah now Umbridge has left obviously we need a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher dont we So er whats he like

He looks a bit like a walrus and he used to be Head of Slytherin said Harry. Something wrong Hermione

She was watching him as though expecting strange symptoms to manifest themselves at any moment. She rearranged her features hastily in an unconvincing smile.

No of course not So um did Slughorn seem like hell be a good teacher

Dunno said Harry. He cant be worse than Umbridge can he

I know someone whos worse than Umbridge said a voice from the doorway. Rons younger sister slouched into the room looking irritable. Hi Harry.

Whats up with you Ron asked.

Its her said Ginny plonking herself down on Harrys bed. Shes driving me mad.

Whats she done now asked Hermione sympathetically.

Its the way she talks to me — youd think I was about three

I know said Hermione dropping her voice. Shes so full of herself.

Harry was astonished to hear Hermione talking about Mrs. Weasley like this and could not blame Ron for saying angrily Cant you two lay off her for five seconds

Oh thats right defend her snapped Ginny. We all know you cant get enough of her.

This seemed an odd comment to make about Rons mother. Starting to feel that he was missing something Harry said Who are you — 

But his question was answered before he could finish it. The bedroom door flew open again and Harry instinctively yanked the bedcovers up to his chin so hard that Hermione and Ginny slid off the bed onto the floor.

A young woman was standing in the doorway a woman of such breathtaking beauty that the room seemed to have become strangely airless. She was tall and willowy with long blonde hair and appeared to emanate a faint silvery glow. To complete this vision of perfection she was carrying a heavily laden breakfast tray.

Arry she said in a throaty voice. Eet as been too long

As she swept over the threshold toward him Mrs. Weasley was revealed bobbing along in her wake looking rather cross.

There was no need to bring up the tray I was just about to do it myself

Eet was no trouble said Fleur Delacour setting the tray across Harrys knees and then swooping to kiss him on each cheek: He felt the places where her mouth had touched him burn. I ave been longing to see im. You remember my seester Gabrielle She never stops talking about Arry Potter. She will be delighted to see you again.

Oh . . . is she here too Harry croaked.

No no silly boy said Fleur with a tinkling laugh I mean next summer when we — but do you not know

Her great blue eyes widened and she looked reproachfully at Mrs. Weasley who said We hadnt got around to telling him yet.

Fleur turned back to Harry swinging her silvery sheet of hair so that it whipped Mrs. Weasley across the face.

Bill and I are going to be married

Oh said Harry blankly. He could not help noticing how Mrs. Weasley Hermione and Ginny were all determinedly avoiding one anothers gaze. Wow. Er — congratulations

She swooped down upon him and kissed him again.

Bill is very busy at ze moment working very ard and I only work part-time at Gringotts for my Eenglish so he brought me ere for a few days to get to know is family properly. I was so pleased to ear you would be coming — zere isnt much to do ere unless you like cooking and chickens Well — enjoy your breakfast Arry

With these words she turned gracefully and seemed to float out of the room closing the door quietly behind her.

Mrs. Weasley made a noise that sounded like tchah

Mum hates her said Ginny quietly.

I do not hate her said Mrs. Weasley in a cross whisper. I just think theyve hurried into this engagement thats all

Theyve known each other a year said Ron who looked oddly groggy and was staring at the closed door.

Well thats not very long I know why its happened of course. Its all this uncertainty with You-Know-Who coming back people think they might be dead tomorrow so theyre rushing all sorts of decisions theyd normally take time over. It was the same last time he was powerful people eloping left right and center —

Including you and Dad said Ginny slyly.

Yes well your father and I were made for each other what was the point in waiting said Mrs. Weasley. Whereas Bill and Fleur . . . well . . . what have they really got in common Hes a hardworking down-to-earth sort of person whereas shes —

A cow said Ginny nodding. But Bills not that down-to-earth. Hes a Curse-Breaker isnt he he likes a bit of adventure a bit of glamour. . . . I expect thats why hes gone for Phlegm.

Stop calling her that Ginny said Mrs. Weasley sharply as Harry and Hermione laughed. Well Id better get on. . . . Eat your eggs while theyre warm Harry.

Looking careworn she left the room. Ron still seemed slightly punch-drunk; he was shaking his head experimentally like a dog trying to rid its ears of water.

Dont you get used to her if shes staying in the same house Harry asked.

Well you do said Ron but if she jumps out at you unexpectedly like then . . .

Its pathetic said Hermione furiously striding away from Ron as far as she could go and turning to face him with her arms folded once she had reached the wall.

You dont really want her around forever Ginny asked Ron incredulously. When he merely shrugged she said Well Mums going to put a stop to it if she can I bet you anything.

Hows she going to manage that asked Harry.

She keeps trying to get Tonks round for dinner. I think shes hoping Bill will fall for Tonks instead. I hope he does Id much rather have her in the family.

Yeah thatll work said Ron sarcastically. Listen no bloke in his right minds going to fancy Tonks when Fleurs around. I mean Tonks is okay-looking when she isnt doing stupid things to her hair and her nose but —

Shes a damn sight nicer than Phlegm said Ginny.

And shes more intelligent shes an Auror said Hermione from the corner.

Fleurs not stupid she was good enough to enter the Triwizard Tournament said Harry.

Not you as well said Hermione bitterly.

I suppose you like the way Phlegm says ‘Arry do you asked Ginny scornfully.

No said Harry wishing he hadnt spoken I was just saying Phlegm — I mean Fleur —

Id much rather have Tonks in the family said Ginny. At least shes a laugh.

She hasnt been much of a laugh lately said Ron. Every time Ive seen her shes looked more like Moaning Myrtle.

Thats not fair snapped Hermione. She still hasnt got over what happened . . . you know . . . I mean he was her cousin

Harrys heart sank. They had arrived at Sirius. He picked up a fork and began shoveling scrambled eggs into his mouth hoping to deflect any invitation to join in this part of the conversation.

Tonks and Sirius barely knew each other said Ron. Sirius was in Azkaban half her life and before that their families never met —

Thats not the point said Hermione. She thinks it was her fault he died

How does she work that one out asked Harry in spite of himself.

Well she was fighting Bellatrix Lestrange wasnt she I think she feels that if only she had finished her off Bellatrix couldnt have killed Sirius.

Thats stupid said Ron.

Its survivors guilt said Hermione. I know Lupins tried to talk her round but shes still really down. Shes actually having trouble with her Metamorphosing

With her — 

She cant change her appearance like she used to explained Hermione. I think her powers must have been affected by shock or something.

I didnt know that could happen said Harry.

Nor did I said Hermione but I suppose if youre really depressed . . .

The door opened again and Mrs. Weasley popped her head in. Ginny she whispered come downstairs and help me with the lunch.

Im talking to this lot said Ginny outraged.

Now said Mrs. Weasley and withdrew.

She only wants me there so she doesnt have to be alone with Phlegm said Ginny crossly. She swung her long red hair around in a very good imitation of Fleur and pranced across the room with her arms held aloft like a ballerina.

You lot had better come down quickly too she said as she left.

Harry took advantage of the temporary silence to eat more breakfast. Hermione was peering into Fred and Georges boxes though every now and then she cast sideways looks at Harry. Ron who was now helping himself to Harrys toast was still gazing dreamily at the door.

Whats this Hermione asked eventually holding up what looked like a small telescope.

Dunno said Ron but if Fred and Georgeve left it here its probably not ready for the joke shop yet so be careful.

Your mum said the shops going well said Harry. Said Fred and George have got a real flair for business.

Thats an understatement said Ron. Theyre raking in the Galleons I cant wait to see the place we havent been to Diagon Alley yet because Mum says Dads got to be there for extra security and hes been really busy at work but it sounds excellent.

And what about Percy asked Harry; the third-eldest Weasley brother had fallen out with the rest of the family. Is he talking to your mum and dad again

Nope said Ron.

But he knows your dad was right all along now about Voldemort being back —

Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right said Hermione. I heard him telling your mum Ron.

Sounds like the sort of mental thing Dumbledore would say said Ron.

Hes going to be giving me private lessons this year said Harry conversationally.

Ron choked on his bit of toast and Hermione gasped.

You kept that quiet said Ron.

I only just remembered said Harry honestly. He told me last night in your broom shed.

Blimey . . . private lessons with Dumbledore said Ron looking impressed. I wonder why hes . . . 

His voice tailed away. Harry saw him and Hermione exchange looks. Harry laid down his knife and fork his heart beating rather fast considering that all he was doing was sitting in bed. Dumbledore had said to do it. . . . Why not now He fixed his eyes on his fork which was gleaming in the sunlight streaming into his lap and said I dont know exactly why hes going to be giving me lessons but I think it must be because of the prophecy.

Neither Ron nor Hermione spoke. Harry had the impression that both had frozen. He continued still speaking to his fork You know the one they were trying to steal at the Ministry.

Nobody knows what it said though said Hermione quickly. It got smashed.

Although the Prophet says — began Ron but Hermione said Shh

The Prophets got it right said Harry looking up at them both with a great effort: Hermione seemed frightened and Ron amazed. That glass ball that smashed wasnt the only record of the prophecy. I heard the whole thing in Dumbledores office he was the one the prophecy was made to so he could tell me. From what it said Harry took a deep breath it looks like Im the one whos got to finish off Voldemort. . . . At least it said neither of us could live while the other survives.

The three of them gazed at one another in silence for a moment. Then there was a loud bang and Hermione vanished behind a puff of black smoke.

Hermione shouted Harry and Ron; the breakfast tray slid to the floor with a crash.

Hermione emerged coughing out of the smoke clutching the telescope and sporting a brilliantly purple black eye.

I squeezed it and it — it punched me she gasped.

And sure enough they now saw a tiny fist on a long spring protruding from the end of the telescope.

Dont worry said Ron who was plainly trying not to laugh Mumll fix that shes good at healing minor injuries —

Oh well never mind that now said Hermione hastily. Harry oh Harry . . .

She sat down on the edge of his bed again.

We wondered after we got back from the Ministry . . . Obviously we didnt want to say anything to you but from what Lucius Malfoy said about the prophecy how it was about you and Voldemort well we thought it might be something like this. . . . Oh Harry . . . She stared at him then whispered Are you scared

Not as much as I was said Harry. When I first heard it I was . . . but now it seems as though I always knew Id have to face him in the end. . . .

When we heard Dumbledore was collecting you in person we thought he might be telling you something or showing you something to do with the prophecy said Ron eagerly. And we were kind of right werent we He wouldnt be giving you lessons if he thought you were a goner wouldnt waste his time — he must think youve got a chance

Thats true said Hermione. I wonder what hell teach you Harry Really advanced defensive magic probably . . . powerful countercurses . . . anti-jinxes . . .

Harry did not really listen. A warmth was spreading through him that had nothing to do with the sunlight; a tight obstruction in his chest seemed to be dissolving. He knew that Ron and Hermione were more shocked than they were letting on but the mere fact that they were still there on either side of him speaking bracing words of comfort not shrinking from him as though he were contaminated or dangerous was worth more than he could ever tell them.

. . . and evasive enchantments generally concluded Hermione. Well at least you know one lesson youll be having this year thats one more than Ron and me. I wonder when our O.W.L. results will come

Cant be long now its been a month said Ron.

Hang on said Harry as another part of last nights conversation came back to him. I think Dumbledore said our O.W.L. results would be arriving today

Today shrieked Hermione. Today But why didnt you — oh my God — you should have said —

She leapt to her feet.

Im going to see whether any owls have come. . . .

But when Harry arrived downstairs ten minutes later fully dressed and carrying his empty breakfast tray it was to find Hermione sitting at the kitchen table in great agitation while Mrs. Weasley tried to lessen her resemblance to half a panda.

It just wont budge Mrs. Weasley was saying anxiously standing over Hermione with her wand in her hand and a copy of The Healers Helpmate open at Bruises Cuts and Abrasions. This has always worked before I just cant understand it.

Itll be Fred and Georges idea of a funny joke making sure it cant come off said Ginny.

But its got to come off squeaked Hermione. I cant go around looking like this forever

You wont dear well find an antidote dont worry said Mrs. Weasley soothingly.

Bill told me ow Fred and George are very amusing said Fleur smiling serenely.

Yes I can hardly breathe for laughing snapped Hermione.

She jumped up and started walking round and round the kitchen twisting her fingers together.

Mrs. Weasley youre quite quite sure no owls have arrived this morning

Yes dear Id have noticed said Mrs. Weasley patiently. But its barely nine theres still plenty of time. . . .

I know I messed up Ancient Runes muttered Hermione feverishly I definitely made at least one serious mistranslation. And the Defense Against the Dark Arts practical was no good at all. I thought Transfiguration went all right at the time but looking back —

Hermione will you shut up youre not the only one whos nervous barked Ron. And when youve got your ten ‘Outstanding O.W.L.s . . .

Dont dont dont said Hermione flapping her hands hysterically. I know Ive failed everything

What happens if we fail Harry asked the room at large but it was again Hermione who answered.

We discuss our options with our Head of House I asked Professor McGonagall at the end of last term.

Harrys stomach squirmed. He wished he had eaten less breakfast.

At Beauxbatons said Fleur complacently we ad a different way of doing things. I think eet was better. We sat our examinations after six years of study not five and then —

Fleurs words were drowned in a scream. Hermione was pointing through the kitchen window. Three black specks were clearly visible in the sky growing larger all the time.

Theyre definitely owls said Ron hoarsely jumping up to join Hermione at the window.

And there are three of them said Harry hastening to her other side.

One for each of us said Hermione in a terrified whisper. Oh no . . . oh no . . . oh no . . .

She gripped both Harry and Ron tightly around the elbows.

The owls were flying directly at the Burrow three handsome tawnies each of which it became clear as they flew lower over the path leading up to the house was carrying a large square envelope.

Oh no squealed Hermione.

Mrs. Weasley squeezed past them and opened the kitchen window. One two three the owls soared through it and landed on the table in a neat line. All three of them lifted their right legs.

Harry moved forward. The letter addressed to him was tied to the leg of the owl in the middle. He untied it with fumbling fingers. To his left Ron was trying to detach his own results; to his right Hermiones hands were shaking so much she was making her whole owl tremble.

Nobody in the kitchen spoke. At last Harry managed to detach the envelope. He slit it open quickly and unfolded the parchment inside.

ORDINARY WIZARDING LEVEL RESULTS

Pass Grades

OUTSTANDING (O)

EXCEEDS EXPECTATIONS (E)

ACCEPTABLE (A)



Fail Grades

POOR (P)

DREADFUL (D)

TROLL (T)





Harry James Potter has achieved:

Astronomy A

Care of Magical Creatures E

Charms E

Defense Against the Dark Arts O

Divination P

Herbology E

History of Magic D

Potions E

Transfiguration E





Harry read the parchment through several times his breathing becoming easier with each reading. It was all right: He had always known that he would fail Divination and he had had no chance of passing History of Magic given that he had collapsed halfway through the examination but he had passed everything else He ran his finger down the grades . . . he had passed well in Transfiguration and Herbology he had even exceeded expectations at Potions And best of all he had achieved Outstanding at Defense Against the Dark Arts

He looked around. Hermione had her back to him and her head bent but Ron was looking delighted.

Only failed Divination and History of Magic and who cares about them he said happily to Harry. Here — swap —

Harry glanced down Rons grades: There were no Outstandings there. . . .

Knew youd be top at Defense Against the Dark Arts said Ron punching Harry on the shoulder. Weve done all right havent we

Well done said Mrs. Weasley proudly ruffling Rons hair. Seven O.W.L.s thats more than Fred and George got together

Hermione said Ginny tentatively for Hermione still hadnt turned around. How did you do

I — not bad said Hermione in a small voice.

Oh come off it said Ron striding over to her and whipping her results out of her hand. Yep — nine ‘Outstandings and one ‘Exceeds Expectations at Defense Against the Dark Arts. He looked down at her half-amused half-exasperated. Youre actually disappointed arent you

Hermione shook her head but Harry laughed.

Well were N.E.W.T. students now grinned Ron. Mum are there any more sausages

Harry looked back down at his results. They were as good as he could have hoped for. He felt just one tiny twinge of regret. . . . This was the end of his ambition to become an Auror. He had not secured the required Potions grade. He had known all along that he wouldnt but he still felt a sinking in his stomach as he looked again at that small black E.

It was odd really seeing that it had been a Death Eater in disguise who had first told Harry he would make a good Auror but somehow the idea had taken hold of him and he couldnt really think of anything else he would like to be. Moreover it had seemed the right destiny for him since he had heard the prophecy a few weeks ago. . . . Neither can live while the other survives. . . . Wouldnt he be living up to the prophecy and giving himself the best chance of survival if he joined those highly trained wizards whose job it was to find and kill Voldemort




