




DRACOS DETOUR




Harry remained within the confines of the Burrows garden over the next few weeks. He spent most of his days playing two-a-side Quidditch in the Weasleys orchard (he and Hermione against Ron and Ginny; Hermione was dreadful and Ginny good so they were reasonably well matched) and his evenings eating triple helpings of everything Mrs. Weasley put in front of him.

It would have been a happy peaceful holiday had it not been for the stories of disappearances odd accidents even of deaths now appearing almost daily in the Prophet. Sometimes Bill and Mr. Weasley brought home news before it even reached the paper. To Mrs. Weasleys displeasure Harrys sixteenth birthday celebrations were marred by grisly tidings brought to the party by Remus Lupin who was looking gaunt and grim his brown hair streaked liberally with gray his clothes more ragged and patched than ever.

There have been another couple of dementor attacks he announced as Mrs. Weasley passed him a large slice of birthday cake. And theyve found Igor Karkaroffs body in a shack up north. The Dark Mark had been set over it — well frankly Im surprised he stayed alive for even a year after deserting the Death Eaters; Siriuss brother Regulus only managed a few days as far as I can remember.

Yes well said Mrs. Weasley frowning perhaps we should talk about something diff —

Did you hear about Florean Fortescue Remus asked Bill who was being plied with wine by Fleur. The man who ran —

— the ice-cream place in Diagon Alley Harry interrupted with an unpleasant hollow sensation in the pit of his stomach. He used to give me free ice creams. Whats happened to him

Dragged off by the look of his place.

Why asked Ron while Mrs. Weasley pointedly glared at Bill.

Who knows He mustve upset them somehow. He was a good man Florean.

Talking of Diagon Alley said Mr. Weasley looks like Ollivanders gone too.

The wandmaker said Ginny looking startled.

Thats the one. Shops empty. No sign of a struggle. No one knows whether he left voluntarily or was kidnapped.

But wands — whatll people do for wands

Theyll make do with other makers said Lupin. But Ollivander was the best and if the other side have got him its not so good for us.

The day after this rather gloomy birthday tea their letters and booklists arrived from Hogwarts. Harrys included a surprise: He had been made Quidditch Captain.

That gives you equal status with prefects cried Hermione happily. You can use our special bathroom now and everything

Wow I remember when Charlie wore one of these said Ron examining the badge with glee. Harry this is so cool youre my Captain — if you let me back on the team I suppose ha ha. . . .

Well I dont suppose we can put off a trip to Diagon Alley much longer now youve got these sighed Mrs. Weasley looking down Rons booklist. Well go on Saturday as long as your father doesnt have to go into work again. Im not going there without him.

Mum dyou honestly think You-Know-Whos going to be hiding behind a bookshelf in Flourish and Blotts sniggered Ron.

Fortescue and Ollivander went on holiday did they said Mrs. Weasley firing up at once. If you think securitys a laughing matter you can stay behind and Ill get your things myself —

No I wanna come I want to see Fred and Georges shop said Ron hastily.

Then you just buck up your ideas young man before I decide youre too immature to come with us said Mrs. Weasley angrily snatching up her clock all nine hands of which were still pointing at mortal peril and balancing it on top of a pile of just-laundered towels. And that goes for returning to Hogwarts as well

Ron turned to stare incredulously at Harry as his mother hoisted the laundry basket and the teetering clock into her arms and stormed out of the room.

Blimey . . . you cant even make a joke round here anymore. . . .

But Ron was careful not to be flippant about Voldemort over the next few days. Saturday dawned without any more outbursts from Mrs. Weasley though she seemed very tense at breakfast. Bill who would be staying at home with Fleur (much to Hermione and Ginnys pleasure) passed a full money bag across the table to Harry.

Wheres mine demanded Ron at once his eyes wide.

Thats already Harrys idiot said Bill. I got it out of your vault for you Harry because its taking about five hours for the public to get to their gold at the moment the goblins have tightened security so much. Two days ago Arkie Philpott had a Probity Probe stuck up his . . . Well trust me this ways easier.

Thanks Bill said Harry pocketing his gold.

E is always so thoughtful purred Fleur adoringly stroking Bills nose. Ginny mimed vomiting into her cereal behind Fleur. Harry choked over his cornflakes and Ron thumped him on the back.

It was an overcast murky day. One of the special Ministry of Magic cars in which Harry had ridden once before was awaiting them in the front yard when they emerged from the house pulling on their cloaks.

Its good Dad can get us these again said Ron appreciatively stretching luxuriously as the car moved smoothly away from the Burrow Bill and Fleur waving from the kitchen window. He Harry Hermione and Ginny were all sitting in roomy comfort in the wide backseat.

Dont get used to it its only because of Harry said Mr. Weasley over his shoulder. He and Mrs. Weasley were in front with the Ministry driver; the front passenger seat had obligingly stretched into what resembled a two-seater sofa. Hes been given top-grade security status. And well be joining up with additional security at the Leaky Cauldron too.

Harry said nothing; he did not much fancy doing his shopping while surrounded by a battalion of Aurors. He had stowed his Invisibility Cloak in his backpack and felt that if that was good enough for Dumbledore it ought to be good enough for the Ministry though now he came to think of it he was not sure the Ministry knew about his Cloak.

Here you are then said the driver a surprisingly short while later speaking for the first time as he slowed in Charing Cross Road and stopped outside the Leaky Cauldron. Im to wait for you any idea how long youll be

A couple of hours I expect said Mr. Weasley. Ah good hes here

Harry imitated Mr. Weasley and peered through the window; his heart leapt. There were no Aurors waiting outside the inn but instead the gigantic black-bearded form of Rubeus Hagrid the Hogwarts gamekeeper wearing a long beaverskin coat beaming at the sight of Harrys face and oblivious to the startled stares of passing Muggles.

Harry he boomed sweeping Harry into a bone-crushing hug the moment Harry had stepped out of the car. Buckbeak — Witherwings I mean — yeh should see him Harry hes so happy ter be back in the open air —

Glad hes pleased said Harry grinning as he massaged his ribs. We didnt know ‘security meant you

I know jus like old times innit See the Ministry wanted ter send a bunch o Aurors but Dumbledore said Id do said Hagrid proudly throwing out his chest and tucking his thumbs into his pockets. Lets get goin then — after yeh Molly Arthur —

The Leaky Cauldron was for the first time in Harrys memory completely empty. Only Tom the landlord wizened and toothless remained of the old crowd. He looked up hopefully as they entered but before he could speak Hagrid said importantly Jus passin through today Tom sure yeh understand Hogwarts business yeh know.

Tom nodded gloomily and returned to wiping glasses; Harry Hermione Hagrid and the Weasleys walked through the bar and out into the chilly little courtyard at the back where the dustbins stood. Hagrid raised his pink umbrella and rapped a certain brick in the wall which opened at once to form an archway onto a winding cobbled street. They stepped through the entrance and paused looking around.

Diagon Alley had changed. The colorful glittering window displays of spellbooks potion ingredients and cauldrons were lost to view hidden behind the large Ministry of Magic posters that had been pasted over them. Most of these somber purple posters carried blown-up versions of the security advice on the Ministry pamphlets that had been sent out over the summer but others bore moving black-and-white photographs of Death Eaters known to be on the loose. Bellatrix Lestrange was sneering from the front of the nearest apothecary. A few windows were boarded up including those of Florean Fortescues Ice Cream Parlor. On the other hand a number of shabby-looking stalls had sprung up along the street. The nearest one which had been erected outside Flourish and Blotts under a striped stained awning had a cardboard sign pinned to its front:

AMULETS

Effective Against Werewolves Dementors and Inferi



A seedy-looking little wizard was rattling armfuls of silver symbols on chains at passersby.

One for your little girl madam he called at Mrs. Weasley as they passed leering at Ginny. Protect her pretty neck

If I were on duty . . . said Mr. Weasley glaring angrily at the amulet seller.

Yes but dont go arresting anyone now dear were in a hurry said Mrs. Weasley nervously consulting a list. I think wed better do Madam Malkins first Hermione wants new dress robes and Rons showing much too much ankle in his school robes and you must need new ones too Harry youve grown so much — come on everyone —

Molly it doesnt make sense for all of us to go to Madam Malkins said Mr. Weasley. Why dont those three go with Hagrid and we can go to Flourish and Blotts and get everyones schoolbooks

I dont know said Mrs. Weasley anxiously clearly torn between a desire to finish the shopping quickly and the wish to stick together in a pack. Hagrid do you think — 

Don fret theyll be fine with me Molly said Hagrid soothingly waving an airy hand the size of a dustbin lid. Mrs. Weasley did not look entirely convinced but allowed the separation scurrying off toward Flourish and Blotts with her husband and Ginny while Harry Ron Hermione and Hagrid set off for Madam Malkins.

Harry noticed that many of the people who passed them had the same harried anxious look as Mrs. Weasley and that nobody was stopping to talk anymore; the shoppers stayed together in their own tightly knit groups moving intently about their business. Nobody seemed to be shopping alone.

Migh be a bit of a squeeze in there with all of us said Hagrid stopping outside Madam Malkins and bending down to peer through the window. Ill stand guard outside all right

So Harry Ron and Hermione entered the little shop together. It appeared at first glance to be empty but no sooner had the door swung shut behind them than they heard a familiar voice issuing from behind a rack of dress robes in spangled green and blue.

. . . not a child in case you havent noticed Mother. I am perfectly capable of doing my shopping alone.

There was a clucking noise and a voice Harry recognized as that of Madam Malkin the owner said Now dear your mothers quite right none of us is supposed to go wandering around on our own anymore its nothing to do with being a child —

Watch where youre sticking that pin will you

A teenage boy with a pale pointed face and white-blond hair appeared from behind the rack wearing a handsome set of dark green robes that glittered with pins around the hem and the edges of the sleeves. He strode to the mirror and examined himself; it was a few moments before he noticed Harry Ron and Hermione reflected over his shoulder. His light gray eyes narrowed.

If youre wondering what the smell is Mother a Mudblood just walked in said Draco Malfoy.

I dont think theres any need for language like that said Madam Malkin scurrying out from behind the clothes rack holding a tape measure and a wand. And I dont want wands drawn in my shop either she added hastily for a glance toward the door had shown her Harry and Ron both standing there with their wands out and pointing at Malfoy. Hermione who was standing slightly behind them whispered No dont honestly its not worth it. . . .

Yeah like youd dare do magic out of school sneered Malfoy. Who blacked your eye Granger I want to send them flowers.

Thats quite enough said Madam Malkin sharply looking over her shoulder for support. Madam — please —

Narcissa Malfoy strolled out from behind the clothes rack.

Put those away she said coldly to Harry and Ron. If you attack my son again I shall ensure that it is the last thing you ever do.

Really said Harry taking a step forward and gazing into the smoothly arrogant face that for all its pallor still resembled her sisters. He was as tall as she was now. Going to get a few Death Eater pals to do us in are you

Madam Malkin squealed and clutched at her heart.

Really you shouldnt accuse — dangerous thing to say — wands away please

But Harry did not lower his wand. Narcissa Malfoy smiled unpleasantly.

I see that being Dumbledores favorite has given you a false sense of security Harry Potter. But Dumbledore wont always be there to protect you.

Harry looked mockingly all around the shop. Wow . . . look at that . . . hes not here now So why not have a go They might be able to find you a double cell in Azkaban with your loser of a husband

Malfoy made an angry movement toward Harry but stumbled over his overlong robe. Ron laughed loudly.

Dont you dare talk to my mother like that Potter Malfoy snarled.

Its all right Draco said Narcissa restraining him with her thin white fingers upon his shoulder. I expect Potter will be reunited with dear Sirius before I am reunited with Lucius.

Harry raised his wand higher.

Harry no moaned Hermione grabbing his arm and attempting to push it down by his side. Think. . . . You mustnt. . . . Youll be in such trouble. . . .

Madam Malkin dithered for a moment on the spot then seemed to decide to act as though nothing was happening in the hope that it wouldnt. She bent toward Malfoy who was still glaring at Harry.

I think this left sleeve could come up a little bit more dear let me just —

Ouch bellowed Malfoy slapping her hand away. Watch where youre putting your pins woman Mother — I dont think I want these anymore —

He pulled the robes over his head and threw them onto the floor at Madam Malkins feet.

Youre right Draco said Narcissa with a contemptuous glance at Hermione now I know the kind of scum that shops here. . . . Well do better at Twilfitt and Tattings.

And with that the pair of them strode out of the shop Malfoy taking care to bang as hard as he could into Ron on the way out.

Well really said Madam Malkin snatching up the fallen robes and moving the tip of her wand over them like a vacuum cleaner so that it removed all the dust.

She was distracted all through the fitting of Rons and Harrys new robes tried to sell Hermione wizards dress robes instead of witchs and when she finally bowed them out of the shop it was with an air of being glad to see the back of them.

Got evrything asked Hagrid brightly when they reappeared at his side.

Just about said Harry. Did you see the Malfoys

Yeah said Hagrid unconcerned. Bu they wouldn dare make trouble in the middle o Diagon Alley Harry. Don worry abou them.

Harry Ron and Hermione exchanged looks but before they could disabuse Hagrid of this comfortable notion Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny appeared all clutching heavy packages of books.

Everyone all right said Mrs. Weasley. Got your robes Right then we can pop in at the Apothecary and Eeylops on the way to Fred and Georges — stick close now. . . .

Neither Harry nor Ron bought any ingredients at the Apothecary seeing that they were no longer studying Potions but both bought large boxes of owl nuts for Hedwig and Pigwidgeon at Eeylops Owl Emporium. Then with Mrs. Weasley checking her watch every minute or so they headed farther along the street in search of Weasleys Wizard Wheezes the joke shop run by Fred and George.

We really havent got too long Mrs. Weasley said. So well just have a quick look around and then back to the car. We must be close thats number ninety-two . . . ninety-four . . .

Whoa said Ron stopping in his tracks.

Set against the dull poster-muffled shop fronts around them Fred and Georges windows hit the eye like a firework display. Casual passersby were looking back over their shoulders at the windows and a few rather stunned-looking people had actually come to a halt transfixed. The left-hand window was dazzlingly full of an assortment of goods that revolved popped flashed bounced and shrieked; Harrys eyes began to water just looking at it. The right-hand window was covered with a gigantic poster purple like those of the Ministry but emblazoned with flashing yellow letters:

WHY ARE YOU WORRYING ABOUT YOU-KNOW-WHO

YOU SHOULD BE WORRYING ABOUT U-NO-POO —

THE CONSTIPATION SENSATION THATS GRIPPING THE NATION



Harry started to laugh. He heard a weak sort of moan beside him and looked around to see Mrs. Weasley gazing dumbfounded at the poster. Her lips moved silently mouthing the name U-No-Poo.

Theyll be murdered in their beds she whispered.

No they wont said Ron who like Harry was laughing. This is brilliant

And he and Harry led the way into the shop. It was packed with customers; Harry could not get near the shelves. He stared around looking up at the boxes piled to the ceiling: Here were the Skiving Snackboxes that the twins had perfected during their last unfinished year at Hogwarts; Harry noticed that the Nosebleed Nougat was most popular with only one battered box left on the shelf. There were bins full of trick wands the cheapest merely turning into rubber chickens or pairs of briefs when waved the most expensive beating the unwary user around the head and neck and boxes of quills which came in Self-Inking Spell-Checking and Smart-Answer varieties. A space cleared in the crowd and Harry pushed his way toward the counter where a gaggle of delighted ten-year-olds was watching a tiny little wooden man slowly ascending the steps to a real set of gallows both perched on a box that read: REUSABLE HANGMAN — SPELL IT OR HELL SWING

‘Patented Daydream Charms . . .

Hermione had managed to squeeze through to a large display near the counter and was reading the information on the back of a box bearing a highly colored picture of a handsome youth and a swooning girl who were standing on the deck of a pirate ship.

‘One simple incantation and you will enter a top-quality highly realistic thirty-minute daydream easy to fit into the average school lesson and virtually undetectable (side effects include vacant expression and minor drooling). Not for sale to under-sixteens. You know said Hermione looking up at Harry that really is extraordinary magic

For that Hermione said a voice behind them you can have one for free.

A beaming Fred stood before them wearing a set of magenta robes that clashed magnificently with his flaming hair.

How are you Harry They shook hands. And whats happened to your eye Hermione

Your punching telescope she said ruefully.

Oh blimey I forgot about those said Fred. Here —

He pulled a tub out of his pocket and handed it to her; she unscrewed it gingerly to reveal a thick yellow paste.

Just dab it on that bruisell be gone within the hour said Fred. We had to find a decent bruise remover. Were testing most of our products on ourselves.

Hermione looked nervous. It is safe isnt it she asked.

Course it is said Fred bracingly. Come on Harry Ill give you a tour.

Harry left Hermione dabbing her black eye with paste and followed Fred toward the back of the shop where he saw a stand of card and rope tricks.

Muggle magic tricks said Fred happily pointing them out. For freaks like Dad you know who love Muggle stuff. Its not a big earner but we do fairly steady business theyre great novelties. . . . Oh heres George. . . .

Freds twin shook Harrys hand energetically.

Giving him the tour Come through the back Harry thats where were making the real money — pocket anything you and youll pay in more than Galleons he added warningly to a small boy who hastily whipped his hand out of the tub labeled EDIBLE DARK MARKS — THEYLL MAKE ANYONE SICK

George pushed back a curtain beside the Muggle tricks and Harry saw a darker less crowded room. The packaging on the products lining these shelves was more subdued.

Weve just developed this more serious line said Fred. Funny how it happened . . .

You wouldnt believe how many people even people who work at the Ministry cant do a decent Shield Charm said George. Course they didnt have you teaching them Harry.

Thats right. . . . Well we thought Shield Hats were a bit of a laugh you know challenge your mate to jinx you while wearing it and watch his face when the jinx just bounces off. But the Ministry bought five hundred for all its support staff And were still getting massive orders

So weve expanded into a range of Shield Cloaks Shield Gloves . . .

. . . I mean they wouldnt help much against the Unforgivable Curses but for minor to moderate hexes or jinxes . . .

And then we thought wed get into the whole area of Defense Against the Dark Arts because its such a money spinner continued George enthusiastically. This is cool. Look Instant Darkness Powder were importing it from Peru. Handy if you want to make a quick escape.

And our Decoy Detonators are just walking off the shelves look said Fred pointing at a number of weird-looking black horn-type objects that were indeed attempting to scurry out of sight. You just drop one surreptitiously and itll run off and make a nice loud noise out of sight giving you a diversion if you need one.

Handy said Harry impressed.

Here said George catching a couple and throwing them to Harry.

A young witch with short blonde hair poked her head around the curtain; Harry saw that she too was wearing magenta staff robes.

Theres a customer out here looking for a joke cauldron Mr. Weasley and Mr. Weasley she said.

Harry found it very odd to hear Fred and George called Mr. Weasley but they took it in their stride.

Right you are Verity Im coming said George promptly. Harry you help yourself to anything you want all right No charge.

I cant do that said Harry who had already pulled out his money bag to pay for the Decoy Detonators.

You dont pay here said Fred firmly waving away Harrys gold.

But —

You gave us our start-up loan we havent forgotten said George sternly. Take whatever you like and just remember to tell people where you got it if they ask.

George swept off through the curtain to help with the customers and Fred led Harry back into the main part of the shop to find Hermione and Ginny still poring over the Patented Daydream Charms.

Havent you girls found our special WonderWitch products yet asked Fred. Follow me ladies. . . .

Near the window was an array of violently pink products around which a cluster of excited girls was giggling enthusiastically. Hermione and Ginny both hung back looking wary.

There you go said Fred proudly. Best range of love potions youll find anywhere.

Ginny raised an eyebrow skeptically. Do they work she asked.

Certainly they work for up to twenty-four hours at a time depending on the weight of the boy in question —

— and the attractiveness of the girl said George reappearing suddenly at their side. But were not selling them to our sister he added becoming suddenly stern not when shes already got about five boys on the go from what weve —

Whatever youve heard from Ron is a big fat lie said Ginny calmly leaning forward to take a small pink pot off the shelf. Whats this

Guaranteed ten-second pimple vanisher said Fred. Excellent on everything from boils to blackheads but dont change the subject. Are you or are you not currently going out with a boy called Dean Thomas

Yes I am said Ginny. And last time I looked he was definitely one boy not five. What are those

She was pointing at a number of round balls of fluff in shades of pink and purple all rolling around the bottom of a cage and emitting high-pitched squeaks.

Pygmy Puffs said George. Miniature puffskeins we cant breed them fast enough. So what about Michael Corner

I dumped him he was a bad loser said Ginny putting a finger through the bars of the cage and watching the Pygmy Puffs crowd around it. Theyre really cute

Theyre fairly cuddly yes conceded Fred. But youre moving through boyfriends a bit fast arent you

Ginny turned to look at him her hands on her hips. There was such a Mrs. Weasley-ish glare on her face that Harry was surprised Fred didnt recoil.

Its none of your business. And Ill thank you she added angrily to Ron who had just appeared at Georges elbow laden with merchandise not to tell tales about me to these two

Thats three Galleons nine Sickles and a Knut said Fred examining the many boxes in Rons arms. Cough up.

Im your brother

And thats our stuff youre nicking. Three Galleons nine Sickles. Ill knock off the Knut.

But I havent got three Galleons nine Sickles

Youd better put it back then and mind you put it on the right shelves.

Ron dropped several boxes swore and made a rude hand gesture at Fred that was unfortunately spotted by Mrs. Weasley who had chosen that moment to appear.

If I see you do that again Ill jinx your fingers together she said sharply.

Mum can I have a Pygmy Puff said Ginny at once.

A what said Mrs. Weasley warily.

Look theyre so sweet. . . .

Mrs. Weasley moved aside to look at the Pygmy Puffs and Harry Ron and Hermione momentarily had an unimpeded view out of the window. Draco Malfoy was hurrying up the street alone. As he passed Weasleys Wizard Wheezes he glanced over his shoulder. Seconds later he moved beyond the scope of the window and they lost sight of him.

Wonder where his mummy is said Harry frowning.

Given her the slip by the looks of it said Ron.

Why though said Hermione.

Harry said nothing; he was thinking too hard. Narcissa Malfoy would not have let her precious son out of her sight willingly; Malfoy must have made a real effort to free himself from her clutches. Harry knowing and loathing Malfoy was sure the reason could not be innocent.

He glanced around. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were bending over the Pygmy Puffs. Mr. Weasley was delightedly examining a pack of Muggle marked playing cards. Fred and George were both helping customers. On the other side of the glass Hagrid was standing with his back to them looking up and down the street.

Get under here quick said Harry pulling his Invisibility Cloak out of his bag.

Oh — I dont know Harry said Hermione looking uncertainly toward Mrs. Weasley.

Come on said Ron.

She hesitated for a second longer then ducked under the Cloak with Harry and Ron. Nobody noticed them vanish; they were all too interested in Fred and Georges products. Harry Ron and Hermione squeezed their way out of the door as quickly as they could but by the time they gained the street Malfoy had disappeared just as successfully as they had.

He was going in that direction murmured Harry as quietly as possible so that the humming Hagrid would not hear them. Cmon.

They scurried along peering left and right through shop windows and doors until Hermione pointed ahead.

Thats him isnt it she whispered. Turning left

Big surprise whispered Ron.

For Malfoy had glanced around then slid into Knockturn Alley and out of sight.

Quick or well lose him said Harry speeding up.

Our feetll be seen said Hermione anxiously as the Cloak flapped a little around their ankles; it was much more difficult hiding all three of them under the Cloak nowadays.

It doesnt matter said Harry impatiently. Just hurry

But Knockturn Alley the side street devoted to the Dark Arts looked completely deserted. They peered into windows as they passed but none of the shops seemed to have any customers at all. Harry supposed it was a bit of a giveaway in these dangerous and suspicious times to buy Dark artifacts — or at least to be seen buying them.

Hermione gave his arm a hard pinch.

Ouch

Shh Look Hes in there she breathed in Harrys ear.

They had drawn level with the only shop in Knockturn Alley that Harry had ever visited Borgin and Burkes which sold a wide variety of sinister objects. There in the midst of the cases full of skulls and old bottles stood Draco Malfoy with his back to them just visible beyond the very same large black cabinet in which Harry had once hidden to avoid Malfoy and his father. Judging by the movements of Malfoys hands he was talking animatedly. The proprietor of the shop Mr. Borgin an oily-haired stooping man stood facing Malfoy. He was wearing a curious expression of mingled resentment and fear.

If only we could hear what theyre saying said Hermione.

We can said Ron excitedly. Hang on — damn —

He dropped a couple more of the boxes he was still clutching as he fumbled with the largest.

Extendable Ears look

Fantastic said Hermione as Ron unraveled the long flesh-colored strings and began to feed them toward the bottom of the door. Oh I hope the door isnt Imperturbable —

No said Ron gleefully. Listen

They put their heads together and listened intently to the ends of the strings through which Malfoys voice could be heard loud and clear as though a radio had been turned on.

. . . you know how to fix it

Possibly said Borgin in a tone that suggested he was unwilling to commit himself. Ill need to see it though. Why dont you bring it into the shop

I cant said Malfoy. Its got to stay put. I just need you to tell me how to do it.

Harry saw Borgin lick his lips nervously.

Well without seeing it I must say it will be a very difficult job perhaps impossible. I couldnt guarantee anything.

No said Malfoy and Harry knew just by his tone that Malfoy was sneering. Perhaps this will make you more confident.

He moved toward Borgin and was blocked from view by the cabinet. Harry Ron and Hermione shuffled sideways to try and keep him in sight but all they could see was Borgin looking very frightened.

Tell anyone said Malfoy and there will be retribution. You know Fenrir Greyback Hes a family friend. Hell be dropping in from time to time to make sure youre giving the problem your full attention.

There will be no need for —

Ill decide that said Malfoy. Well Id better be off. And dont forget to keep that one safe Ill need it.

Perhaps youd like to take it now

No of course I wouldnt you stupid little man how would I look carrying that down the street Just dont sell it.

Of course not . . . sir.

Borgin made a bow as deep as the one Harry had once seen him give Lucius Malfoy.

Not a word to anyone Borgin and that includes my mother understand

Naturally naturally murmured Borgin bowing again.

Next moment the bell over the door tinkled loudly as Malfoy stalked out of the shop looking very pleased with himself. He passed so close to Harry Ron and Hermione that they felt the Cloak flutter around their knees again. Inside the shop Borgin remained frozen; his unctuous smile had vanished; he looked worried.

What was that about whispered Ron reeling in the Extendable Ears.

Dunno said Harry thinking hard. He wants something mended . . . and he wants to reserve something in there. . . . Could you see what he pointed at when he said ‘that one

No he was behind that cabinet —

You two stay here whispered Hermione.

What are you — 

But Hermione had already ducked out from under the Cloak. She checked her hair in the reflection in the glass then marched into the shop setting the bell tinkling again. Ron hastily fed the Extendable Ears back under the door and passed one of the strings to Harry.

Hello horrible morning isnt it Hermione said brightly to Borgin who did not answer but cast her a suspicious look. Humming cheerily Hermione strolled through the jumble of objects on display.

Is this necklace for sale she asked pausing beside a glass-fronted case.

If youve got one and a half thousand Galleons said Mr. Borgin coldly.

Oh — er — no I havent got quite that much said Hermione walking on. And . . . what about this lovely — um — skull

Sixteen Galleons.

So its for sale then It isnt being . . . kept for anyone

Mr. Borgin squinted at her. Harry had the nasty feeling he knew exactly what Hermione was up to. Apparently Hermione felt she had been rumbled too because she suddenly threw caution to the winds.

The thing is that — er — boy who was in here just now Draco Malfoy well hes a friend of mine and I want to get him a birthday present but if hes already reserved anything I obviously dont want to get him the same thing so . . . um . . .

It was a pretty lame story in Harrys opinion and apparently Borgin thought so too.

Out he said sharply. Get out

Hermione did not wait to be asked twice but hurried to the door with Borgin at her heels. As the bell tinkled again Borgin slammed the door behind her and put up the CLOSED sign.

Ah well said Ron throwing the Cloak back over Hermione. Worth a try but you were a bit obvious —

Well next time you can show me how its done Master of Mystery she snapped.

Ron and Hermione bickered all the way back to Weasleys Wizard Wheezes where they were forced to stop so that they could dodge undetected around a very anxious-looking Mrs. Weasley and Hagrid who had clearly noticed their absence. Once in the shop Harry whipped off the Invisibility Cloak hid it in his bag and joined in with the other two when they insisted in answer to Mrs. Weasleys accusations that they had been in the back room all along and that she could not have looked properly.




