




A VERY FROSTY CHRISTMAS




So Snape was offering to help him He was definitely offering to help him

If you ask that once more said Harry Im going to stick this sprout —

Im only checking said Ron. They were standing alone at the Burrows kitchen sink peeling a mountain of sprouts for Mrs. Weasley. Snow was drifting past the window in front of them.

Yes Snape was offering to help him said Harry. He said hed promised Malfoys mother to protect him that hed made an Unbreakable Oath or something —

An Unbreakable Vow said Ron looking stunned. Nah he cant have. . . . Are you sure

Yes Im sure said Harry. Why what does it mean

Well you cant break an Unbreakable Vow. . . .

Id worked that much out for myself funnily enough. What happens if you break it then

You die said Ron simply. Fred and George tried to get me to make one when I was about five. I nearly did too I was holding hands with Fred and everything when Dad found us. He went mental said Ron with a reminiscent gleam in his eyes. Only time Ive ever seen Dad as angry as Mum. Fred reckons his left buttock has never been the same since.

Yeah well passing over Freds left buttock —

I beg your pardon said Freds voice as the twins entered the kitchen.

Aaah George look at this. Theyre using knives and everything. Bless them.

Ill be seventeen in two and a bit months time said Ron grumpily and then Ill be able to do it by magic

But meanwhile said George sitting down at the kitchen table and putting his feet up on it we can enjoy watching you demonstrate the correct use of a — whoops-a-daisy

You made me do that said Ron angrily sucking his cut thumb. You wait when Im seventeen —

Im sure youll dazzle us all with hitherto unsuspected magical skills yawned Fred.

And speaking of hitherto unsuspected skills Ronald said George what is this we hear from Ginny about you and a young lady called — unless our information is faulty — Lavender Brown

Ron turned a little pink but did not look displeased as he turned back to the sprouts. Mind your own business.

What a snappy retort said Fred. I really dont know how you think of them. No what we wanted to know was . . . how did it happen

What dyou mean

Did she have an accident or something

What

Well how did she sustain such extensive brain damage Careful now

Mrs. Weasley entered the room just in time to see Ron throw the sprout knife at Fred who had turned it into a paper airplane with one lazy flick of his wand.

Ron she said furiously. Dont you ever let me see you throwing knives again

I wont said Ron let you see he added under his breath as he turned back to the sprout mountain.

Fred George Im sorry dears but Remus is arriving tonight so Bill will have to squeeze in with you two.

No problem said George.

Then as Charlie isnt coming home that just leaves Harry and Ron in the attic and if Fleur shares with Ginny —

— thatll make Ginnys Christmas — muttered Fred.

— everyone should be comfortable. Well theyll have a bed anyway said Mrs. Weasley sounding slightly harassed.

Percy definitely not showing his ugly face then asked Fred.

Mrs. Weasley turned away before she answered. No hes busy I expect at the Ministry.

Or hes the worlds biggest prat said Fred as Mrs. Weasley left the kitchen. One of the two. Well lets get going then George.

What are you two up to asked Ron. Cant you help us with these sprouts You could just use your wand and then well be free too

No I dont think we can do that said Fred seriously. Its very character-building stuff learning to peel sprouts without magic makes you appreciate how difficult it is for Muggles and Squibs —

— and if you want people to help you Ron added George throwing the paper airplane at him I wouldnt chuck knives at them. Just a little hint. Were off to the village theres a very pretty girl working in the paper shop who thinks my card tricks are something marvelous . . . almost like real magic. . . .

Gits said Ron darkly watching Fred and George setting off across the snowy yard. Wouldve only taken them ten seconds and then we couldve gone too.

I couldnt said Harry. I promised Dumbledore I wouldnt wander off while Im staying here.

Oh yeah said Ron. He peeled a few more sprouts and then said Are you going to tell Dumbledore what you heard Snape and Malfoy saying to each other

Yep said Harry. Im going to tell anyone who can put a stop to it and Dumbledores top of the list. I might have another word with your dad too.

Pity you didnt hear what Malfoys actually doing though.

I couldnt have done could I That was the whole point he was refusing to tell Snape.

There was silence for a moment or two then Ron said Course you know what theyll all say Dad and Dumbledore and all of them Theyll say Snape isnt really trying to help Malfoy he was just trying to find out what Malfoys up to.

They didnt hear him said Harry flatly. No ones that good an actor not even Snape.

Yeah . . . Im just saying though said Ron.

Harry turned to face him frowning. You think Im right though

Yeah I do said Ron hastily. Seriously I do But theyre all convinced Snapes in the Order arent they

Harry said nothing. It had already occurred to him that this would be the most likely objection to his new evidence; he could hear Hermione now: Obviously Harry he was pretending to offer help so he could trick Malfoy into telling him what hes doing. . . .

This was pure imagination however as he had had no opportunity to tell Hermione what he had overheard. She had disappeared from Slughorns party before he returned to it or so he had been informed by an irate McLaggen and she had already gone to bed by the time he returned to the common room. As he and Ron had left for the Burrow early the next day he had barely had time to wish her a happy Christmas and to tell her that he had some very important news when they got back from the holidays. He was not entirely sure that she had heard him though; Ron and Lavender had been saying a thoroughly nonverbal good-bye just behind him at the time.

Still even Hermione would not be able to deny one thing: Malfoy was definitely up to something and Snape knew it so Harry felt fully justified in saying I told you so which he had done several times to Ron already.

Harry did not get the chance to speak to Mr. Weasley who was working very long hours at the Ministry until Christmas Eve night. The Weasleys and their guests were sitting in the living room which Ginny had decorated so lavishly that it was rather like sitting in a paper-chain explosion. Fred George Harry and Ron were the only ones who knew that the angel on top of the tree was actually a garden gnome that had bitten Fred on the ankle as he pulled up carrots for Christmas dinner. Stupefied painted gold stuffed into a miniature tutu and with small wings glued to its back it glowered down at them all the ugliest angel Harry had ever seen with a large bald head like a potato and rather hairy feet.

They were all supposed to be listening to a Christmas broadcast by Mrs. Weasleys favorite singer Celestina Warbeck whose voice was warbling out of the large wooden wireless set. Fleur who seemed to find Celestina very dull was talking so loudly in the corner that a scowling Mrs. Weasley kept pointing her wand at the volume control so that Celestina grew louder and louder. Under cover of a particularly jazzy number called A Cauldron Full of Hot Strong Love Fred and George started a game of Exploding Snap with Ginny. Ron kept shooting Bill and Fleur covert looks as though hoping to pick up tips. Meanwhile Remus Lupin who was thinner and more ragged-looking than ever was sitting beside the fire staring into its depths as though he could not hear Celestinas voice.

Oh come and stir my cauldron

And if you do it right

Ill boil you up some hot strong love

To keep you warm tonight.





We danced to this when we were eighteen said Mrs. Weasley wiping her eyes on her knitting. Do you remember Arthur

Mphf said Mr. Weasley whose head had been nodding over the satsuma he was peeling. Oh yes . . . marvelous tune . . .

With an effort he sat up a little straighter and looked around at Harry who was sitting next to him.

Sorry about this he said jerking his head toward the wireless as Celestina broke into the chorus. Be over soon.

No problem said Harry grinning. Has it been busy at the Ministry

Very said Mr. Weasley. I wouldnt mind if we were getting anywhere but of the three arrests weve made in the last couple of months I doubt that one of them is a genuine Death Eater — only dont repeat that Harry he added quickly looking much more awake all of a sudden.

Theyre not still holding Stan Shunpike are they asked Harry.

Im afraid so said Mr. Weasley. I know Dumbledores tried appealing directly to Scrimgeour about Stan. . . . I mean anybody who has actually interviewed him agrees that hes about as much a Death Eater as this satsuma . . . but the top levels want to look as though theyre making some progress and ‘three arrests sounds better than ‘three mistaken arrests and releases . . . but again this is all top secret. . . .

I wont say anything said Harry. He hesitated for a moment wondering how best to embark on what he wanted to say; as he marshaled his thoughts Celestina Warbeck began a ballad called You Charmed the Heart Right Out of Me.

Mr. Weasley you know what I told you at the station when we were setting off for school

I checked Harry said Mr. Weasley at once. I went and searched the Malfoys house. There was nothing either broken or whole that shouldnt have been there.

Yeah I know I saw in the Prophet that youd looked . . . but this is something different. . . . Well something more . . .

And he told Mr. Weasley everything he had overheard between Malfoy and Snape. As Harry spoke he saw Lupins head turn a little toward him taking in every word. When he had finished there was silence except for Celestinas crooning.

Oh my poor heart where has it gone

Its left me for a spell . . .





Has it occurred to you Harry said Mr. Weasley that Snape was simply pretending — 

Pretending to offer help so that he could find out what Malfoys up to said Harry quickly. Yeah I thought youd say that. But how do we know

It isnt our business to know said Lupin unexpectedly. He had turned his back on the fire now and faced Harry across Mr. Weasley. Its Dumbledores business. Dumbledore trusts Severus and that ought to be good enough for all of us.

But said Harry just say — just say Dumbledores wrong about Snape —

People have said it many times. It comes down to whether or not you trust Dumbledores judgment. I do; therefore I trust Severus.

But Dumbledore can make mistakes argued Harry. He says it himself. And you — he looked Lupin straight in the eye — do you honestly like Snape

I neither like nor dislike Severus said Lupin. No Harry I am speaking the truth he added as Harry pulled a skeptical expression. We shall never be bosom friends perhaps; after all that happened between James and Sirius and Severus there is too much bitterness there. But I do not forget that during the year I taught at Hogwarts Severus made the Wolfsbane Potion for me every month made it perfectly so that I did not have to suffer as I usually do at the full moon.

But he ‘accidentally let it slip that youre a werewolf so you had to leave said Harry angrily.

Lupin shrugged. The news would have leaked out anyway. We both know he wanted my job but he could have wreaked much worse damage on me by tampering with the potion. He kept me healthy. I must be grateful.

Maybe he didnt dare mess with the potion with Dumbledore watching him said Harry.

You are determined to hate him Harry said Lupin with a faint smile. And I understand; with James as your father with Sirius as your godfather you have inherited an old prejudice. By all means tell Dumbledore what you have told Arthur and me but do not expect him to share your view of the matter; do not even expect him to be surprised by what you tell him. It might have been on Dumbledores orders that Severus questioned Draco.

. . . and now youve torn it quite apart

Ill thank you to give back my heart





Celestina ended her song on a very long high-pitched note and loud applause issued out of the wireless which Mrs. Weasley joined in with enthusiastically.

Eez eet over said Fleur loudly. Thank goodness what an orrible —

Shall we have a nightcap then asked Mr. Weasley loudly leaping to his feet. Who wants eggnog

What have you been up to lately Harry asked Lupin as Mr. Weasley bustled off to fetch the eggnog and everybody else stretched and broke into conversation.

Oh Ive been underground said Lupin. Almost literally. Thats why I havent been able to write Harry; sending letters to you would have been something of a giveaway.

What do you mean

Ive been living among my fellows my equals said Lupin. Werewolves he added at Harrys look of incomprehension. Nearly all of them are on Voldemorts side. Dumbledore wanted a spy and here I was . . . ready-made.

He sounded a little bitter and perhaps realized it for he smiled more warmly as he went on I am not complaining; it is necessary work and who can do it better than I However it has been difficult gaining their trust. I bear the unmistakable signs of having tried to live among wizards you see whereas they have shunned normal society and live on the margins stealing — and sometimes killing — to eat.

How come they like Voldemort

They think that under his rule they will have a better life said Lupin. And it is hard to argue with Greyback out there. . . .

Whos Greyback

You havent heard of him Lupins hands closed convulsively in his lap. Fenrir Greyback is perhaps the most savage werewolf alive today. He regards it as his mission in life to bite and to contaminate as many people as possible; he wants to create enough werewolves to overcome the wizards. Voldemort has promised him prey in return for his services. Greyback specializes in children. . . . Bite them young he says and raise them away from their parents raise them to hate normal wizards. Voldemort has threatened to unleash him upon peoples sons and daughters; it is a threat that usually produces good results.

Lupin paused and then said It was Greyback who bit me.

What said Harry astonished. When — when you were a kid you mean

Yes. My father had offended him. I did not know for a very long time the identity of the werewolf who had attacked me; I even felt pity for him thinking that he had had no control knowing by then how it felt to transform. But Greyback is not like that. At the full moon he positions himself close to victims ensuring that he is near enough to strike. He plans it all. And this is the man Voldemort is using to marshal the werewolves. I cannot pretend that my particular brand of reasoned argument is making much headway against Greybacks insistence that we werewolves deserve blood that we ought to revenge ourselves on normal people.

But you are normal said Harry fiercely. Youve just got a — a problem —

Lupin burst out laughing. Sometimes you remind me a lot of James. He called it my ‘furry little problem in company. Many people were under the impression that I owned a badly behaved rabbit.

He accepted a glass of eggnog from Mr. Weasley with a word of thanks looking slightly more cheerful. Harry meanwhile felt a rush of excitement: This last mention of his father had reminded him that there was something he had been looking forward to asking Lupin.

Have you ever heard of someone called the Half-Blood Prince

The Half-Blood what

Prince said Harry watching him closely for signs of recognition.

There are no Wizarding princes said Lupin now smiling. Is this a title youre thinking of adopting I should have thought being ‘the Chosen One would be enough.

Its nothing to do with me said Harry indignantly. The Half-Blood Prince is someone who used to go to Hogwarts Ive got his old Potions book. He wrote spells all over it spells he invented. One of them was Levicorpus —

Oh that one had a great vogue during my time at Hogwarts said Lupin reminiscently. There were a few months in my fifth year when you couldnt move for being hoisted into the air by your ankle.

My dad used it said Harry. I saw him in the Pensieve he used it on Snape.

He tried to sound casual as though this was a throwaway comment of no real importance but he was not sure he had achieved the right effect; Lupins smile was a little too understanding.

Yes he said but he wasnt the only one. As I say it was very popular. . . . You know how these spells come and go. . . .

But it sounds like it was invented while you were at school Harry persisted.

Not necessarily said Lupin. Jinxes go in and out of fashion like everything else.

He looked into Harrys face and then said quietly James was a pureblood Harry and I promise you he never asked us to call him ‘Prince.

Abandoning pretense Harry said And it wasnt Sirius Or you

Definitely not.

Oh. Harry stared into the fire. I just thought — well hes helped me out a lot in Potions classes the Prince has.

How old is this book Harry

I dunno Ive never checked.

Well perhaps that will give you some clue as to when the Prince was at Hogwarts said Lupin.

Shortly after this Fleur decided to imitate Celestina singing A Cauldron Full of Hot Strong Love which was taken by everyone once they had glimpsed Mrs. Weasleys expression to be the cue to go to bed. Harry and Ron climbed all the way up to Rons attic bedroom where a camp bed had been added for Harry.

Ron fell asleep almost immediately but Harry delved into his trunk and pulled out his copy of Advanced Potion-Making before getting into bed. There he turned its pages searching until he finally found at the front of the book the date that it had been published. It was nearly fifty years old. Neither his father nor his fathers friends had been at Hogwarts fifty years ago. Feeling disappointed Harry threw the book back into his trunk turned off the lamp and rolled over thinking of werewolves and Snape Stan Shunpike and the Half-Blood Prince and finally falling into an uneasy sleep full of creeping shadows and the cries of bitten children. . . .

Shes got to be joking. . . .

Harry woke with a start to find a bulging stocking lying over the end of his bed. He put on his glasses and looked around; the tiny window was almost completely obscured with snow and in front of it Ron was sitting bolt upright in bed and examining what appeared to be a thick gold chain.

Whats that asked Harry.

Its from Lavender said Ron sounding revolted. She cant honestly think Id wear . . .

Harry looked more closely and let out a shout of laughter. Dangling from the chain in large gold letters were the words:

My Sweetheart



Nice he said. Classy. You should definitely wear it in front of Fred and George.

If you tell them said Ron shoving the necklace out of sight under his pillow I — I — Ill —

Stutter at me said Harry grinning. Come on would I

How could she think Id like something like that though Ron demanded of thin air looking rather shocked.

Well think back said Harry. Have you ever let it slip that youd like to go out in public with the words ‘My Sweetheart round your neck

Well . . . we dont really talk much said Ron. Its mainly . . .

Snogging said Harry.

Well yeah said Ron. He hesitated a moment then said Is Hermione really going out with McLaggen

I dunno said Harry. They were at Slughorns party together but I dont think it went that well.

Ron looked slightly more cheerful as he delved deeper into his stocking.

Harrys presents included a sweater with a large Golden Snitch worked onto the front hand-knitted by Mrs. Weasley a large box of Weasleys Wizard Wheezes products from the twins and a slightly damp moldy-smelling package that came with a label reading TO MASTER FROM KREACHER.

Harry stared at it. Dyou reckon this is safe to open he asked.

Cant be anything dangerous all our mails still being searched at the Ministry replied Ron though he was eyeing the parcel suspiciously.

I didnt think of giving Kreacher anything. Do people usually give their house-elves Christmas presents asked Harry prodding the parcel cautiously.

Hermione would said Ron. But lets wait and see what it is before you start feeling guilty.

A moment later Harry had given a loud yell and leapt out of his camp bed; the package contained a large number of maggots.

Nice said Ron roaring with laughter. Very thoughtful.

Id rather have them than that necklace said Harry which sobered Ron up at once.

Everybody was wearing new sweaters when they all sat down for Christmas lunch everyone except Fleur (on whom it appeared Mrs. Weasley had not wanted to waste one) and Mrs. Weasley herself who was sporting a brand-new midnight blue witchs hat glittering with what looked like tiny starlike diamonds and a spectacular golden necklace.

Fred and George gave them to me Arent they beautiful

Well we find we appreciate you more and more Mum now were washing our own socks said George waving an airy hand. Parsnips Remus

Harry youve got a maggot in your hair said Ginny cheerfully leaning across the table to pick it out; Harry felt goose bumps erupt up his neck that had nothing to do with the maggot.

Ow orrible said Fleur with an affected little shudder.

Yes isnt it said Ron. Gravy Fleur

In his eagerness to help her he knocked the gravy boat flying; Bill waved his wand and the gravy soared up in the air and returned meekly to the boat.

You are as bad as zat Tonks said Fleur to Ron when she had finished kissing Bill in thanks. She is always knocking —

I invited dear Tonks to come along today said Mrs. Weasley setting down the carrots with unnecessary force and glaring at Fleur. But she wouldnt come. Have you spoken to her lately Remus

No I havent been in contact with anybody very much said Lupin. But Tonks has got her own family to go to hasnt she

Hmmm said Mrs. Weasley. Maybe. I got the impression she was planning to spend Christmas alone actually.

She gave Lupin an annoyed look as though it was all his fault she was getting Fleur for a daughter-in-law instead of Tonks but Harry glancing across at Fleur who was now feeding Bill bits of turkey off her own fork thought that Mrs. Weasley was fighting a long-lost battle. He was however reminded of a question he had with regard to Tonks and who better to ask than Lupin the man who knew all about Patronuses

Tonkss Patronus has changed its form he told him. Snape said so anyway. I didnt know that could happen. Why would your Patronus change

Lupin took his time chewing his turkey and swallowing before saying slowly Sometimes . . . a great shock . . . an emotional upheaval . . .

It looked big and it had four legs said Harry struck by a sudden thought and lowering his voice. Hey . . . it couldnt be — 

Arthur said Mrs. Weasley suddenly. She had risen from her chair; her hand was pressed over her heart and she was staring out of the kitchen window. Arthur — its Percy

What

Mr. Weasley looked around. Everybody looked quickly at the window; Ginny stood up for a better look. There sure enough was Percy Weasley striding across the snowy yard his horn-rimmed glasses glinting in the sunlight. He was not however alone.

Arthur hes — hes with the Minister

And sure enough the man Harry had seen in the Daily Prophet was following along in Percys wake limping slightly his mane of graying hair and his black cloak flecked with snow. Before any of them could say anything before Mr. and Mrs. Weasley could do more than exchange stunned looks the back door opened and there stood Percy.

There was a moments painful silence. Then Percy said rather stiffly Merry Christmas Mother.

Oh Percy said Mrs. Weasley and she threw herself into his arms.

Rufus Scrimgeour paused in the doorway leaning on his walking stick and smiling as he observed this affecting scene.

You must forgive this intrusion he said when Mrs. Weasley looked around at him beaming and wiping her eyes. Percy and I were in the vicinity — working you know — and he couldnt resist dropping in and seeing you all.

But Percy showed no sign of wanting to greet any of the rest of the family. He stood poker-straight and awkward-looking and stared over everybody elses heads. Mr. Weasley Fred and George were all observing him stony-faced.

Please come in sit down Minister fluttered Mrs. Weasley straightening her hat. Have a little purkey or some tooding. . . . I mean —

No no my dear Molly said Scrimgeour. Harry guessed that he had checked her name with Percy before they entered the house. I dont want to intrude wouldnt be here at all if Percy hadnt wanted to see you all so badly. . . .

Oh Perce said Mrs. Weasley tearfully reaching up to kiss him.

. . . Weve only looked in for five minutes so Ill have a stroll around the yard while you catch up with Percy. No no I assure you I dont want to butt in Well if anybody cared to show me your charming garden . . . Ah that young mans finished why doesnt he take a stroll with me

The atmosphere around the table changed perceptibly. Everybody looked from Scrimgeour to Harry. Nobody seemed to find Scrimgeours pretense that he did not know Harrys name convincing or find it natural that he should be chosen to accompany the Minister around the garden when Ginny Fleur and George also had clean plates.

Yeah all right said Harry into the silence.

He was not fooled; for all Scrimgeours talk that they had just been in the area that Percy wanted to look up his family this must be the real reason that they had come so that Scrimgeour could speak to Harry alone.

Its fine he said quietly as he passed Lupin who had half risen from his chair. Fine he added as Mr. Weasley opened his mouth to speak.

Wonderful said Scrimgeour standing back to let Harry pass through the door ahead of him. Well just take a turn around the garden and Percy and Ill be off. Carry on everyone

Harry walked across the yard toward the Weasleys overgrown snow-covered garden Scrimgeour limping slightly at his side. He had Harry knew been Head of the Auror office; he looked tough and battle-scarred very different from portly Fudge in his bowler hat.

Charming said Scrimgeour stopping at the garden fence and looking out over the snowy lawn and the indistinguishable plants. Charming.

Harry said nothing. He could tell that Scrimgeour was watching him.

Ive wanted to meet you for a very long time said Scrimgeour after a few moments. Did you know that

No said Harry truthfully.

Oh yes for a very long time. But Dumbledore has been very protective of you said Scrimgeour. Natural of course natural after what youve been through. . . . Especially what happened at the Ministry . . .

He waited for Harry to say something but Harry did not oblige so he went on I have been hoping for an occasion to talk to you ever since I gained office but Dumbledore has — most understandably as I say — prevented this.

Still Harry said nothing waiting.

The rumors that have flown around said Scrimgeour. Well of course we both know how these stories get distorted . . . all these whispers of a prophecy . . . of you being ‘the Chosen One . . .

They were getting near it now Harry thought the reason Scrimgeour was here.

. . . I assume that Dumbledore has discussed these matters with you

Harry deliberated wondering whether he ought to lie or not. He looked at the little gnome prints all around the flowerbeds and the scuffed-up patch that marked the spot where Fred had caught the gnome now wearing the tutu at the top of the Christmas tree. Finally he decided on the truth . . . or a bit of it.

Yeah weve discussed it.

Have you have you . . . said Scrimgeour. Harry could see out of the corner of his eye Scrimgeour squinting at him so he pretended to be very interested in a gnome that had just poked its head out from underneath a frozen rhododendron. And what has Dumbledore told you Harry

Sorry but thats between us said Harry. He kept his voice as pleasant as he could and Scrimgeours tone too was light and friendly as he said Oh of course if its a question of confidences I wouldnt want you to divulge . . . no no . . . and in any case does it really matter whether you are ‘the Chosen One or not

Harry had to mull that one over for a few seconds before responding. I dont really know what you mean Minister.

Well of course to you it will matter enormously said Scrimgeour with a laugh. But to the Wizarding community at large . . . its all perception isnt it Its what people believe thats important.

Harry said nothing. He thought he saw dimly where they were heading but he was not going to help Scrimgeour get there. The gnome under the rhododendron was now digging for worms at its roots and Harry kept his eyes fixed upon it.

People believe you are ‘the Chosen One you see said Scrimgeour. They think you quite the hero — which of course you are Harry chosen or not How many times have you faced He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named now Well anyway he pressed on without waiting for a reply the point is you are a symbol of hope for many Harry. The idea that there is somebody out there who might be able who might even be destined to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named — well naturally it gives people a lift. And I cant help but feel that once you realize this you might consider it well almost a duty to stand alongside the Ministry and give everyone a boost.

The gnome had just managed to get hold of a worm. It was now tugging very hard on it trying to get it out of the frozen ground. Harry was silent so long that Scrimgeour said looking from Harry to the gnome Funny little chaps arent they But what say you Harry

I dont exactly understand what you want said Harry slowly. ‘Stand alongside the Ministry . . . What does that mean

Oh well nothing at all onerous I assure you said Scrimgeour. If you were to be seen popping in and out of the Ministry from time to time for instance that would give the right impression. And of course while you were there you would have ample opportunity to speak to Gawain Robards my successor as Head of the Auror office. Dolores Umbridge has told me that you cherish an ambition to become an Auror. Well that could be arranged very easily. . . .

Harry felt anger bubbling in the pit of his stomach: So Dolores Umbridge was still at the Ministry was she

So basically he said as though he just wanted to clarify a few points youd like to give the impression that Im working for the Ministry

It would give everyone a lift to think you were more involved Harry said Scrimgeour sounding relieved that Harry had cottoned on so quickly. ‘The Chosen One you know . . . Its all about giving people hope the feeling that exciting things are happening. . . .

But if I keep running in and out of the Ministry said Harry still endeavoring to keep his voice friendly wont that seem as though I approve of what the Ministrys up to

Well said Scrimgeour frowning slightly well yes thats partly why wed like —

No I dont think thatll work said Harry pleasantly. You see I dont like some of the things the Ministrys doing. Locking up Stan Shunpike for instance.

Scrimgeour did not speak for a moment but his expression hardened instantly. I would not expect you to understand he said and he was not as successful at keeping anger out of his voice as Harry had been. These are dangerous times and certain measures need to be taken. You are sixteen years old —

Dumbledores a lot older than sixteen and he doesnt think Stan should be in Azkaban either said Harry. Youre making Stan a scapegoat just like you want to make me a mascot.

They looked at each other long and hard. Finally Scrimgeour said with no pretense at warmth I see. You prefer — like your hero Dumbledore — to disassociate yourself from the Ministry

I dont want to be used said Harry.

Some would say its your duty to be used by the Ministry

Yeah and others might say its your duty to check that people really are Death Eaters before you chuck them in prison said Harry his temper rising now. Youre doing what Barty Crouch did. You never get it right you people do you Either weve got Fudge pretending everythings lovely while people get murdered right under his nose or weve got you chucking the wrong people into jail and trying to pretend youve got ‘the Chosen One working for you

So youre not ‘the Chosen One said Scrimgeour.

I thought you said it didnt matter either way said Harry with a bitter laugh. Not to you anyway.

I shouldnt have said that said Scrimgeour quickly. It was tactless —

No it was honest said Harry. One of the only honest things youve said to me. You dont care whether I live or die but you do care that I help you convince everyone youre winning the war against Voldemort. I havent forgotten Minister. . . .

He raised his right fist. There shining white on the back of his cold hand were the scars which Dolores Umbridge had forced him to carve into his own flesh: I must not tell lies.

I dont remember you rushing to my defense when I was trying to tell everyone Voldemort was back. The Ministry wasnt so keen to be pals last year.

They stood in silence as icy as the ground beneath their feet. The gnome had finally managed to extricate his worm and was now sucking on it happily leaning against the bottommost branches of the rhododendron bush.

What is Dumbledore up to said Scrimgeour brusquely. Where does he go when he is absent from Hogwarts

No idea said Harry.

And you wouldnt tell me if you knew said Scrimgeour would you

No I wouldnt said Harry.

Well then I shall have to see whether I cant find out by other means.

You can try said Harry indifferently. But you seem cleverer than Fudge so Id have thought youd have learned from his mistakes. He tried interfering at Hogwarts. You might have noticed hes not Minister anymore but Dumbledores still headmaster. Id leave Dumbledore alone if I were you.

There was a long pause.

Well it is clear to me that he has done a very good job on you said Scrimgeour his eyes cold and hard behind his wire-rimmed glasses. Dumbledores man through and through arent you Potter

Yeah I am said Harry. Glad we straightened that out.

And turning his back on the Minister of Magic he strode back toward the house.




