




THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS




BOOM. They knocked again. Dudley jerked awake.

Wheres the cannon he said stupidly.

There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room. He was holding a rifle in his hands — now they knew what had been in the long thin package he had brought with them.

Whos there he shouted. I warn you — Im armed

There was a pause. Then —

SMASH

The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.

A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His face was almost completely hidden by a long shaggy mane of hair and a wild tangled beard but you could make out his eyes glinting like black beetles under all the hair.

The giant squeezed his way into the hut stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling. He bent down picked up the door and fitted it easily back into its frame. The noise of the storm outside dropped a little. He turned to look at them all.

Couldnt make us a cup o tea could yeh Its not been an easy journey. . . .

He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.

Budge up yeh great lump said the stranger.

Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother who was crouching terrified behind Uncle Vernon.

An heres Harry said the giant.

Harry looked up into the fierce wild shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.

Las time I saw you you was only a baby said the giant. Yeh look a lot like yer dad but yehve got yer mums eyes.

Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.

I demand that you leave at once sir he said. You are breaking and entering

Ah shut up Dursley yeh great prune said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernons hands bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber and threw it into a corner of the room.

Uncle Vernon made another funny noise like a mouse being trodden on.

Anyway — Harry said the giant turning his back on the Dursleys a very happy birthday to yeh. Got summat fer yeh here — I mighta sat on it at some point but itll taste all right.

From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled a slightly squashed box. Harry opened it with trembling fingers. Inside was a large sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry written on it in green icing.

Harry looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank you but the words got lost on the way to his mouth and what he said instead was Who are you

The giant chuckled.

True I havent introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts.

He held out an enormous hand and shook Harrys whole arm.

What about that tea then eh he said rubbing his hands together. Id not say no ter summat stronger if yehve got it mind.

His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and he snorted. He bent down over the fireplace; they couldnt see what he was doing but when he drew back a second later there was a roaring fire there. It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though hed sunk into a hot bath.

The giant sat back down on the sofa which sagged under his weight and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle a squashy package of sausages a poker a teapot several chipped mugs and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a thing while the giant was working but as he slid the first six fat juicy slightly burnt sausages from the poker Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said sharply Dont touch anything he gives you Dudley.

The giant chuckled darkly.

Yer great puddin of a son don need fattenin anymore Dursley don worry.

He passed the sausages to Harry who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful but he still couldnt take his eyes off the giant. Finally as nobody seemed about to explain anything he said Im sorry but I still dont really know who you are.

The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.

Call me Hagrid he said everyone does. An like I told yeh Im Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts — yehll know all about Hogwarts o course.

Er — no said Harry.

Hagrid looked shocked.

Sorry Harry said quickly.

Sorry barked Hagrid turning to stare at the Dursleys who shrank back into the shadows. Its them as should be sorry I knew yeh werent gettin yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldnt even know abou Hogwarts fer cryin out loud Did yeh never wonder where yer parents learned it all

All what asked Harry.

ALL WHAT Hagrid thundered. Now wait jus one second

He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed to fill the whole hut. The Dursleys were cowering against the wall.

Do you mean ter tell me he growled at the Dursleys that this boy — this boy — knows nothin abou— about ANYTHING

Harry thought this was going a bit far. He had been to school after all and his marks werent bad.

I know some things he said. I can you know do math and stuff.

But Hagrid simply waved his hand and said About our world I mean. Your world. My world. Yer parents world.

What world

Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.

DURSLEY he boomed.

Uncle Vernon who had gone very pale whispered something that sounded like Mimblewimble. Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.

But yeh must know about yer mum and dad he said. I mean theyre famous. Youre famous.

What My — my mum and dad werent famous were they

Yeh don know . . . yeh don know . . . Hagrid ran his fingers through his hair fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.

Yeh don know what yeh are he said finally.

Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.

Stop he commanded. Stop right there sir I forbid you to tell the boy anything

A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke his every syllable trembled with rage.

You never told him Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore left fer him I was there I saw Dumbledore leave it Dursley An youve kept it from him all these years

Kept what from me said Harry eagerly.

STOP I FORBID YOU yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.

Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.

Ah go boil yer heads both of yeh said Hagrid. Harry — yer a wizard.

There was silence inside the hut. Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.

Im a what gasped Harry.

A wizard o course said Hagrid sitting back down on the sofa which groaned and sank even lower an a thumpin goodun Id say once yehve been trained up a bit. With a mum an dad like yours what else would yeh be An I reckon its abou time yeh read yer letter.

Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter The Floor Hut-on-the-Rock The Sea. He pulled out the letter and read:

HOGWARTS SCHOOL

of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY



Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore

(Order of Merlin First Class Grand Sorc. Chf. Warlock Supreme Mugwump International Confed. of Wizards)



Dear Mr. Potter

We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.

Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.

Yours sincerely



Minerva McGonagall

Deputy Headmistress





Questions exploded inside Harrys head like fireworks and he couldnt decide which to ask first. After a few minutes he stammered What does it mean they await my owl

Gallopin Gorgons that reminds me said Hagrid clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real live rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill and a roll of parchment. With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could read upside down:

Dear Professor Dumbledore

Given Harry his letter.

Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.

Weathers horrible. Hope youre well.

Hagrid





Hagrid rolled up the note gave it to the owl which clamped it in its beak went to the door and threw the owl out into the storm. Then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the telephone.

Harry realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.

Where was I said Hagrid but at that moment Uncle Vernon still ashen-faced but looking very angry moved into the firelight.

Hes not going he said.

Hagrid grunted.

Id like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him he said.

A what said Harry interested.

A Muggle said Hagrid its what we call nonmagic folk like them. An its your bad luck you grew up in a family o the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on.

We swore when we took him in wed put a stop to that rubbish said Uncle Vernon swore wed stamp it out of him Wizard indeed

You knew said Harry. You knew Im a — a wizard

Knew shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly. Knew Of course we knew How could you not be my dratted sister being what she was Oh she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that — that school — and came home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn turning teacups into rats. I was the only one who saw her for what she was — a freak But for my mother and father oh no it was Lily this and Lily that they were proud of having a witch in the family

She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years.

Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and had you and of course I knew youd be just the same just as strange just as — as — abnormal — and then if you please she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you

Harry had gone very white. As soon as he found his voice he said Blown up You told me they died in a car crash

CAR CRASH roared Hagrid jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys scuttled back to their corner. How could a car crash kill Lily an James Potter Its an outrage A scandal Harry Potter not knowin his own story when every kid in our world knows his name

But why What happened Harry asked urgently.

The anger faded from Hagrids face. He looked suddenly anxious.

I never expected this he said in a low worried voice. I had no idea when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin hold of yeh how much yeh didnt know. Ah Harry I don know if Im the right person ter tell yeh — but someones gotta — yeh cant go off ter Hogwarts not knowin.

He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys.

Well its best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh — mind I cant tell yeh everythin its a great mystry parts of it. . . .

He sat down stared into the fire for a few seconds and then said It begins I suppose with — with a person called — but its incredible yeh dont know his name everyone in our world knows —

Who

Well — I don like sayin the name if I can help it. No one does.

Why not

Gulpin gargoyles Harry people are still scared. Blimey this is difficult. See there was this wizard who went . . . bad. As bad as you could go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name was . . .

Hagrid gulped but no words came out.

Could you write it down Harry suggested.

Nah — cant spell it. All right — Voldemort. Hagrid shuddered. Don make me say it again. Anyway this — this wizard about twenty years ago now started lookin fer followers. Got em too — some were afraid some just wanted a bit o his power cause he was gettin himself power all right. Dark days Harry. Didnt know who ter trust didnt dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches . . . terrible things happened. He was takin over. Course some stood up to him — an he killed em. Horribly. One o the only safe places left was Hogwarts. Reckon Dumbledores the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of. Didnt dare try takin the school not jus then anyway.

Now yer mum an dad were as good a witch an wizard as I ever knew. Head boy an girl at Hogwarts in their day Suppose the mystry is why You-Know-Who never tried to get em on his side before . . . probably knew they were too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin ter do with the Dark Side.

Maybe he thought he could persuade em . . . maybe he just wanted em outta the way. All anyone knows is he turned up in the village where you was all living on Halloween ten years ago. You was just a year old. He came ter yer house an— an— 

Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty spotted handkerchief and blew his nose with a sound like a foghorn.

Sorry he said. But its that sad — knew yer mum an dad an nicer people yeh couldnt find — anyway . . .

You-Know-Who killed em. An then — an this is the real mystry of the thing — he tried to kill you too. Wanted ter make a clean job of it I suppose or maybe he just liked killin by then. But he couldnt do it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead That was no ordinary cut. Thats what yeh get when a powerful evil curse touches yeh — took care of yer mum an dad an yer house even — but it didnt work on you an thats why yer famous Harry. No one ever lived after he decided ter kill em no one except you an hed killed some o the best witches an wizards of the age — the McKinnons the Bones the Prewetts — an you was only a baby an you lived.

Something very painful was going on in Harrys mind. As Hagrids story came to a close he saw again the blinding flash of green light more clearly than he had ever remembered it before — and he remembered something else for the first time in his life: a high cold cruel laugh.

Hagrid was watching him sadly.

Took yeh from the ruined house myself on Dumbledores orders. Brought yeh ter this lot . . .

Load of old tosh said Uncle Vernon. Harry jumped; he had almost forgotten that the Dursleys were there. Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to have got back his courage. He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.

Now you listen here boy he snarled I accept theres something strange about you probably nothing a good beating wouldnt have cured — and as for all this about your parents well they were weirdos no denying it and the worlds better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected always knew theyd come to a sticky end —

But at that moment Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat. Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword he said Im warning you Dursley — Im warning you — one more word . . .

In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant Uncle Vernons courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.

Thats better said Hagrid breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa which this time sagged right down to the floor.

Harry meanwhile still had questions to ask hundreds of them.

But what happened to Vol- sorry — I mean You-Know-Who

Good question Harry. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night he tried ter kill you. Makes yeh even more famous. Thats the biggest mystry see . . . he was gettin more an more powerful — whyd he go

Some say he died. Codswallop in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die. Some say hes still out there bidin his time like but I don believe it. People who was on his side came back ter ours. Some of em came outta kinda trances. Don reckon they couldve done if he was comin back.

Most of us reckon hes still out there somewhere but lost his powers. Too weak to carry on. Cause somethin about you finished him Harry. There was somethin goin on that night he hadnt counted on — I dunno what it was no one does — but somethin about you stumped him all right.

Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes but Harry instead of feeling pleased and proud felt quite sure there had been a horrible mistake. A wizard Him How could he possibly be Hed spent his life being clouted by Dudley and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard why hadnt they been turned into warty toads every time theyd tried to lock him in his cupboard If hed once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world how come Dudley had always been able to kick him around like a football

Hagrid he said quietly I think you must have made a mistake. I dont think I can be a wizard.

To his surprise Hagrid chuckled.

Not a wizard eh Never made things happen when you was scared or angry

Harry looked into the fire. Now he came to think about it . . . every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when he Harry had been upset or angry . . . chased by Dudleys gang he had somehow found himself out of their reach . . . dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut hed managed to make it grow back . . . and the very last time Dudley had hit him hadnt he got his revenge without even realizing he was doing it Hadnt he set a boa constrictor on him

Harry looked back at Hagrid smiling and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.

See said Hagrid. Harry Potter not a wizard — you wait youll be right famous at Hogwarts.

But Uncle Vernon wasnt going to give in without a fight.

Havent I told you hes not going he hissed. Hes going to Stonewall High and hell be grateful for it. Ive read those letters and he needs all sorts of rubbish — spell books and wands and —

If he wants ter go a great Muggle like you wont stop him growled Hagrid. Stop Lily an James Potters son goin ter Hogwarts Yer mad. His names been down ever since he was born. Hes off ter the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven years there and he wont know himself. Hell be with youngsters of his own sort fer a change an hell be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had Albus Dumbled —

I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL TO TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS yelled Uncle Vernon.

But he had finally gone too far. Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head NEVER — he thundered — INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME

He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light a sound like a firecracker a sharp squeal and the next second Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom howling in pain. When he turned his back on them Harry saw a curly pigs tail poking through a hole in his trousers.

Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.

Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.

Shouldnta lost me temper he said ruefully but it didnt work anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasnt much left ter do.

He cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrows.

Be grateful if yeh didnt mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts he said. Im — er — not supposed ter do magic strictly speakin. I was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an get yer letters to yeh an stuff — one o the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job —

Why arent you supposed to do magic asked Harry.

Oh well — I was at Hogwarts meself but I — er — got expelled ter tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me wand in half an everything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man Dumbledore.

Why were you expelled

Its gettin late and weve got lots ter do tomorrow said Hagrid loudly. Gotta get up ter town get all yer books an that.

He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Harry.

You can kip under that he said. Don mind if it wriggles a bit I think I still got a couple o dormice in one o the pockets.




