




DIAGON ALLEY




Harry woke early the next morning. Although he could tell it was daylight he kept his eyes shut tight.

It was a dream he told himself firmly. I dreamed a giant called Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards. When I open my eyes Ill be at home in my cupboard.

There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.

And theres Aunt Petunia knocking on the door Harry thought his heart sinking. But he still didnt open his eyes. It had been such a good dream.

Tap. Tap. Tap.

All right Harry mumbled Im getting up.

He sat up and Hagrids heavy coat fell off him. The hut was full of sunlight the storm was over Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window a newspaper held in its beak.

Harry scrambled to his feet so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him. He went straight to the window and jerked it open. The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Hagrid who didnt wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrids coat.

Dont do that.

Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.

Hagrid said Harry loudly. Theres an owl —

Pay him Hagrid grunted into the sofa.

What

He wants payin fer deliverin the paper. Look in the pockets.

Hagrids coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets — bunches of keys slug pellets balls of string peppermint humbugs teabags . . . finally Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.

Give him five Knuts said Hagrid sleepily.

Knuts

The little bronze ones.

Harry counted out five little bronze coins and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it. Then he flew off through the open window.

Hagrid yawned loudly sat up and stretched.

Best be off Harry lots ter do today gotta get up ter London an buy all yer stuff fer school.

Harry was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them. He had just thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puncture.

Um — Hagrid

Mm said Hagrid who was pulling on his huge boots.

I havent got any money — and you heard Uncle Vernon last night . . . he wont pay for me to go and learn magic.

Dont worry about that said Hagrid standing up and scratching his head. Dyeh think yer parents didnt leave yeh anything

But if their house was destroyed —

They didn keep their gold in the house boy Nah first stop fer us is Gringotts. Wizards bank. Have a sausage theyre not bad cold — an I wouldn say no teh a bit o yer birthday cake neither.

Wizards have banks

Just the one. Gringotts. Run by goblins.

Harry dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.

Goblins

Yeah — so yehd be mad ter try an rob it Ill tell yeh that. Never mess with goblins Harry. Gringotts is the safest place in the world fer anything yeh want ter keep safe —cept maybe Hogwarts. As a matter o fact I gotta visit Gringotts anyway. Fer Dumbledore. Hogwarts business. Hagrid drew himself up proudly. He usually gets me ter do important stuff fer him. Fetchin you — gettin things from Gringotts — knows he can trust me see.

Got everythin Come on then.

Harry followed Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was still there with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.

How did you get here Harry asked looking around for another boat.

Flew said Hagrid.

Flew

Yeah — but well go back in this. Not spposed ter use magic now Ive got yeh.

They settled down in the boat Harry still staring at Hagrid trying to imagine him flying.

Seems a shame ter row though said Hagrid giving Harry another of his sideways looks. If I was ter — er — speed things up a bit would yeh mind not mentionin it at Hogwarts

Of course not said Harry eager to see more magic. Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again tapped it twice on the side of the boat and they sped off toward land.

Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts Harry asked.

Spells — enchantments said Hagrid unfolding his newspaper as he spoke. They say theres dragons guardin the high-security vaults. And then yeh gotta find yer way — Gringotts is hundreds of miles under London see. Deep under the Underground. Yehd die of hunger tryin ter get out even if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat.

Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper the Daily Prophet. Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this but it was very difficult hed never had so many questions in his life.

Ministry o Magic messin things up as usual Hagrid muttered turning the page.

Theres a Ministry of Magic Harry asked before he could stop himself.

Course said Hagrid. They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister o course but hed never leave Hogwarts so old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts Dumbledore with owls every morning askin fer advice.

But what does a Ministry of Magic do

Well their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that theres still witches an wizards up an down the country.

Why

Why Blimey Harry everyoned be wantin magic solutions to their problems. Nah were best left alone.

At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall. Hagrid folded up his newspaper and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street.

Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station. Harry couldnt blame them. Not only was Hagrid twice as tall as anyone else he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like parking meters and saying loudly See that Harry Things these Muggles dream up eh

Hagrid said Harry panting a bit as he ran to keep up did you say there are dragons at Gringotts

Well so they say said Hagrid. Crikey Id like a dragon.

Youd like one

Wanted one ever since I was a kid — here we go.

They had reached the station. There was a train to London in five minutes time. Hagrid who didnt understand Muggle money as he called it gave the bills to Harry so he could buy their tickets.

People stared more than ever on the train. Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.

Still got yer letter Harry he asked as he counted stitches.

Harry took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.

Good said Hagrid. Theres a list there of everything yeh need.

Harry unfolded a second piece of paper he hadnt noticed the night before and read:

HOGWARTS SCHOOL

of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY



UNIFORM

First-year students will require:

1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)

2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear

3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)

4. One winter cloak (black silver fastenings)





Please note that all pupils clothes should carry name tags



COURSE BOOKS

All students should have a copy of each of the following:

The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk

A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot

Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling

A Beginners Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch

One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore

Magical Draughts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger

Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander

The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble





OTHER EQUIPMENT

1 wand

1 cauldron (pewter standard size 2)

1 set glass or crystal phials

1 telescope

1 set brass scales





Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad





PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS



Can we buy all this in London Harry wondered aloud.

If yeh know where to go said Hagrid.

Harry had never been to London before. Although Hagrid seemed to know where he was going he was obviously not used to getting there in an ordinary way. He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.

I dont know how the Muggles manage without magic he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.

Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him. They passed book shops and music stores hamburger restaurants and cinemas but nowhere that looked as if it could sell you a magic wand. This was just an ordinary street full of ordinary people. Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath them Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks Might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursleys had cooked up If Harry hadnt known that the Dursleys had no sense of humor he might have thought so; yet somehow even though everything Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable Harry couldnt help trusting him.

This is it said Hagrid coming to a halt the Leaky Cauldron. Its a famous place.

It was a tiny grubby-looking pub. If Hagrid hadnt pointed it out Harry wouldnt have noticed it was there. The people hurrying by didnt glance at it. Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the record shop on the other as if they couldnt see the Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact Harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it. Before he could mention this Hagrid had steered him inside.

For a famous place it was very dark and shabby. A few old women were sitting in a corner drinking tiny glasses of sherry. One of them was smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was talking to the old bartender who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut. The low buzz of chatter stopped when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him and the bartender reached for a glass saying The usual Hagrid

Cant Tom Im on Hogwarts business said Hagrid clapping his great hand on Harrys shoulder and making Harrys knees buckle.

Good Lord said the bartender peering at Harry is this — can this be — 

The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.

Bless my soul whispered the old bartender Harry Potter . . . what an honor.

He hurried out from behind the bar rushed toward Harry and seized his hand tears in his eyes.

Welcome back Mr. Potter welcome back.

Harry didnt know what to say. Everyone was looking at him. The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out. Hagrid was beaming.

Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment Harry found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.

Doris Crockford Mr. Potter cant believe Im meeting you at last.

So proud Mr. Potter Im just so proud.

Always wanted to shake your hand — Im all of a flutter.

Delighted Mr. Potter just cant tell you Diggles the name Dedalus Diggle.

Ive seen you before said Harry as Dedalus Diggles top hat fell off in his excitement. You bowed to me once in a shop.

He remembers cried Dedalus Diggle looking around at everyone. Did you hear that He remembers me

Harry shook hands again and again — Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.

A pale young man made his way forward very nervously. One of his eyes was twitching.

Professor Quirrell said Hagrid. Harry Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts.

P-P-Potter stammered Professor Quirrell grasping Harrys hand c-cant t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you.

What sort of magic do you teach Professor Quirrell

D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts muttered Professor Quirrell as though hed rather not think about it. N-not that you n-need it eh P-P-Potter He laughed nervously. Youll be g-getting all your equipment I suppose Ive g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampires m-myself. He looked terrified at the very thought.

But the others wouldnt let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to himself. It took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At last Hagrid managed to make himself heard over the babble.

Must get on — lots ter buy. Come on Harry.

Doris Crockford shook Harrys hand one last time and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a small walled courtyard where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.

Hagrid grinned at Harry.

Told yeh didnt I Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell was tremblin ter meet yeh — mind you hes usually tremblin.

Is he always that nervous

Oh yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He was fine while he was studyin outta books but then he took a year off ter get some first-hand experience. . . . They say he met vampires in the Black Forest and there was a nasty bit o trouble with a hag — never been the same since. Scared of the students scared of his own subject — now wheres me umbrella

Vampires Hags Harrys head was swimming. Hagrid meanwhile was counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.

Three up . . . two across . . . he muttered. Right stand back Harry.

He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.

The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle a small hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.

Welcome said Hagrid to Diagon Alley.

He grinned at Harrys amazement. They stepped through the archway. Harry looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall.

The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop. Cauldrons — All Sizes — Copper Brass Pewter Silver — Self-Stirring — Collapsible said a sign hanging over them.

Yeah youll be needin one said Hagrid but we gotta get yer money first.

Harry wished he had about eight more eyes. He turned his head in every direction as they walked up the street trying to look at everything at once: the shops the things outside them the people doing their shopping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they passed saying Dragon liver sixteen Sickles an ounce theyre mad. . . .

A low soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium — Tawny Screech Barn Brown and Snowy. Several boys of about Harrys age had their noses pressed against a window with broomsticks in it. Look Harry heard one of them say the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever — There were shops selling robes shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels eyes tottering piles of spell books quills and rolls of parchment potion bottles globes of the moon. . . .

Gringotts said Hagrid.

They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops. Standing beside its burnished bronze doors wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold was —

Yeah thats a goblin said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him. The goblin was about a head shorter than Harry. He had a swarthy clever face a pointed beard and Harry noticed very long fingers and feet. He bowed as they walked inside. Now they were facing a second pair of doors silver this time with words engraved upon them:

Enter stranger but take heed

Of what awaits the sin of greed

For those who take but do not earn

Must pay most dearly in their turn.

So if you seek beneath our floors

A treasure that was never yours

Thief you have been warned beware

Of finding more than treasure there.





Like I said yehd be mad ter try an rob it said Hagrid.

A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall. About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter scribbling in large ledgers weighing coins in brass scales examining precious stones through eyeglasses. There were too many doors to count leading off the hall and yet more goblins were showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Harry made for the counter.

Morning said Hagrid to a free goblin. Weve come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potters safe.

You have his key sir

Got it here somewhere said Hagrid and he started emptying his pockets onto the counter scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblins book of numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Harry watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.

Got it said Hagrid at last holding up a tiny golden key.

The goblin looked at it closely.

That seems to be in order.

An Ive also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore said Hagrid importantly throwing out his chest. Its about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen.

The goblin read the letter carefully.

Very well he said handing it back to Hagrid I will have someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook

Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his pockets he and Harry followed Griphook toward one of the doors leading off the hall.

Whats the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen Harry asked.

Cant tell yeh that said Hagrid mysteriously. Very secret. Hogwarts business. Dumbledores trusted me. Moren my jobs worth ter tell yeh that.

Griphook held the door open for them. Harry who had expected more marble was surprised. They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches. It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor. Griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks toward them. They climbed in — Hagrid with some difficulty — and were off.

At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages. Harry tried to remember left right right left middle fork right left but it was impossible. The rattling cart seemed to know its own way because Griphook wasnt steering.

Harrys eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them but he kept them wide open. Once he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon but too late — they plunged even deeper passing an underground lake where huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.

I never know Harry called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart whats the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite

Stalagmites got an ‘m in it said Hagrid. An don ask me questions just now I think Im gonna be sick.

He did look very green and when the cart stopped at last beside a small door in the passage wall Hagrid got out and had to lean against the wall to stop his knees from trembling.

Griphook unlocked the door. A lot of green smoke came billowing out and as it cleared Harry gasped. Inside were mounds of gold coins. Columns of silver. Heaps of little bronze Knuts.

All yours smiled Hagrid.

All Harrys — it was incredible. The Dursleys couldnt have known about this or theyd have had it from him faster than blinking. How often had they complained how much Harry cost them to keep And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him buried deep under London.

Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag.

The gold ones are Galleons he explained. Seventeen silver Sickles to a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle its easy enough. Right that should be enough fer a couple o terms well keep the rest safe for yeh. He turned to Griphook. Vault seven hundred and thirteen now please and can we go more slowly

One speed only said Griphook.

They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air became colder and colder as they hurtled round tight corners. They went rattling over an underground ravine and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.

Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.

Stand back said Griphook importantly. He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.

If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that theyd be sucked through the door and trapped in there said Griphook.

How often do you check to see if anyones inside Harry asked.

About once every ten years said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.

Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault Harry was sure and he leaned forward eagerly expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least — but at first he thought it was empty. Then he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor. Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat. Harry longed to know what it was but knew better than to ask.

Come on back in this infernal cart and dont talk to me on the way back its best if I keep me mouth shut said Hagrid.

One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts. Harry didnt know where to run first now that he had a bag full of money. He didnt have to know how many Galleons there were to a pound to know that he was holding more money than hed had in his whole life — more money than even Dudley had ever had.

Might as well get yer uniform said Hagrid nodding toward Madam Malkins Robes for All Occasions. Listen Harry would yeh mind if I slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron I hate them Gringotts carts. He did still look a bit sick so Harry entered Madam Malkins shop alone feeling nervous.

Madam Malkin was a squat smiling witch dressed all in mauve.

Hogwarts dear she said when Harry started to speak. Got the lot here — another young man being fitted up just now in fact.

In the back of the shop a boy with a pale pointed face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes. Madam Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him slipped a long robe over his head and began to pin it to the right length.

Hello said the boy Hogwarts too

Yes said Harry.

My fathers next door buying my books and Mothers up the street looking at wands said the boy. He had a bored drawling voice. Then Im going to drag them off to look at racing brooms. I dont see why first years cant have their own. I think Ill bully Father into getting me one and Ill smuggle it in somehow.

Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley.

Have you got your own broom the boy went on.

No said Harry.

Play Quidditch at all

No Harry said again wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.

I do — Father says its a crime if Im not picked to play for my House and I must say I agree. Know what House youll be in yet

No said Harry feeling more stupid by the minute.

Well no one really knows until they get there do they but I know Ill be in Slytherin all our family have been — imagine being in Hufflepuff I think Id leave wouldnt you

Mmm said Harry wishing he could say something a bit more interesting.

I say look at that man said the boy suddenly nodding toward the front window. Hagrid was standing there grinning at Harry and pointing at two large ice creams to show he couldnt come in.

Thats Hagrid said Harry pleased to know something the boy didnt. He works at Hogwarts.

Oh said the boy Ive heard of him. Hes a sort of servant isnt he

Hes the gamekeeper said Harry. He was liking the boy less and less every second.

Yes exactly. I heard hes a sort of savage — lives in a hut on the school grounds and every now and then he gets drunk tries to do magic and ends up setting fire to his bed.

I think hes brilliant said Harry coldly.

Do you said the boy with a slight sneer. Why is he with you Where are your parents

Theyre dead said Harry shortly. He didnt feel much like going into the matter with this boy.

Oh sorry said the other not sounding sorry at all. But they were our kind werent they

They were a witch and wizard if thats what you mean.

I really dont think they should let the other sort in do you Theyre just not the same theyve never been brought up to know our ways. Some of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter imagine. I think they should keep it in the old wizarding families. Whats your surname anyway

But before Harry could answer Madam Malkin said Thats you done my dear and Harry not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy hopped down from the footstool.

Well Ill see you at Hogwarts I suppose said the drawling boy.

Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).

Whats up said Hagrid.

Nothing Harry lied. They stopped to buy parchment and quills. Harry cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote. When they had left the shop he said Hagrid whats Quidditch

Blimey Harry I keep forgettin how little yeh know — not knowin about Quidditch

Dont make me feel worse said Harry. He told Hagrid about the pale boy in Madam Malkins.

— and he said people from Muggle families shouldnt even be allowed in —

Yer not from a Muggle family. If hed known who yeh were — hes grown up knowin yer name if his parents are wizardin folk. You saw what everyone in the Leaky Cauldron was like when they saw yeh. Anyway what does he know about it some o the best I ever saw were the only ones with magic in em in a long line o Muggles — look at yer mum Look what she had fer a sister

So what is Quidditch

Its our sport. Wizard sport. Its like — like soccer in the Muggle world — everyone follows Quidditch — played up in the air on broomsticks and theres four balls — sorta hard ter explain the rules.

And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff

School Houses. Theres four. Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o duffers but —

I bet Im in Hufflepuff said Harry gloomily.

Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin said Hagrid darkly. Theres not a single witch or wizard who went bad who wasnt in Slytherin. You-Know-Who was one.

Vol- sorry — You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts

Years an years ago said Hagrid.

They bought Harrys school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all. Even Dudley who never read anything would have been wild to get his hands on some of these. Hagrid almost had to drag Harry away from Curses and Counter-curses (Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss Jelly-Legs Tongue-Tying and Much Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.

I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley.

Im not sayin thats not a good idea but yer not ter use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstances said Hagrid. An anyway yeh couldn work any of them curses yet yehll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level.

Hagrid wouldnt let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron either (It says pewter on yer list) but they got a nice set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope. Then they visited the Apothecary which was fascinating enough to make up for its horrible smell a mixture of bad eggs and rotted cabbages. Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor; jars of herbs dried roots and bright powders lined the walls; bundles of feathers strings of fangs and snarled claws hung from the ceiling. While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).

Outside the Apothecary Hagrid checked Harrys list again.

Just yer wand left — oh yeah an I still havent got yeh a birthday present.

Harry felt himself go red.

You dont have to —

I know I dont have to. Tell yeh what Ill get yer animal. Not a toad toads went outta fashion years ago yehd be laughed at — an I don like cats they make me sneeze. Ill get yer an owl. All the kids want owls theyre dead useful carry yer mail an everythin.

Twenty minutes later they left Eeylops Owl Emporium which had been dark and full of rustling and flickering jewel-bright eyes. Harry now carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl fast asleep with her head under her wing. He couldnt stop stammering his thanks sounding just like Professor Quirrell.

Don mention it said Hagrid gruffly. Don expect youve had a lotta presents from them Dursleys. Just Ollivanders left now — only place fer wands Ollivanders and yeh gotta have the best wand.

A magic wand . . . this was what Harry had been really looking forward to.

The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over the door read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C. A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.

A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside. It was a tiny place empty except for a single spindly chair that Hagrid sat on to wait. Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling. For some reason the back of his neck prickled. The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle with some secret magic.

Good afternoon said a soft voice. Harry jumped. Hagrid must have jumped too because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the spindly chair.

An old man was standing before them his wide pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop.

Hello said Harry awkwardly.

Ah yes said the man. Yes yes. I thought Id be seeing you soon. Harry Potter. It wasnt a question. You have your mothers eyes. It seems only yesterday she was in here herself buying her first wand. Ten and a quarter inches long swishy made of willow. Nice wand for charm work.

Mr. Ollivander moved closer to Harry. Harry wished he would blink. Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy.

Your father on the other hand favored a mahogany wand. Eleven inches. Pliable. A little more power and excellent for transfiguration. Well I say your father favored it — its really the wand that chooses the wizard of course.

Mr. Ollivander had come so close that he and Harry were almost nose to nose. Harry could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.

And thats where . . .

Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harrys forehead with a long white finger.

Im sorry to say I sold the wand that did it he said softly. Thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Powerful wand very powerful and in the wrong hands . . . well if Id known what that wand was going out into the world to do. . . .

He shook his head and then to Harrys relief spotted Hagrid.

Rubeus Rubeus Hagrid How nice to see you again. . . . Oak sixteen inches rather bendy wasnt it

It was sir yes said Hagrid.

Good wand that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled said Mr. Ollivander suddenly stern.

Er — yes they did yes said Hagrid shuffling his feet. Ive still got the pieces though he added brightly.

But you dont use them said Mr. Ollivander sharply.

Oh no sir said Hagrid quickly. Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.

Hmmm said Mr. Ollivander giving Hagrid a piercing look. Well now — Mr. Potter. Let me see. He pulled a long tape measure with silver markings out of his pocket. Which is your wand arm

Er — well Im right-handed said Harry.

Hold out your arm. Thats it. He measured Harry from shoulder to finger then wrist to elbow shoulder to floor knee to armpit and round his head. As he measured he said Every Ollivander wand has a core of a powerful magical substance Mr. Potter. We use unicorn hairs phoenix tail feathers and the heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander wands are the same just as no two unicorns dragons or phoenixes are quite the same. And of course you will never get such good results with another wizards wand.

Harry suddenly realized that the tape measure which was measuring between his nostrils was doing this on its own. Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the shelves taking down boxes.

That will do he said and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on the floor. Right then Mr. Potter. Try this one. Beechwood and dragon heartstring. Nine inches. Nice and flexible. Just take it and give it a wave.

Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.

Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inches. Quite whippy. Try —

Harry tried — but he had hardly raised the wand when it too was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.

No no — here ebony and unicorn hair eight and a half inches springy. Go on go on try it out.

Harry tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. Ollivander was waiting for. The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the shelves the happier he seemed to become.

Tricky customer eh Not to worry well find the perfect match here somewhere — I wonder now — yes why not — unusual combination — holly and phoenix feather eleven inches nice and supple.

Harry took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. He raised the wand above his head brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried Oh bravo Yes indeed oh very good. Well well well . . . how curious . . . how very curious . . .

He put Harrys wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper still muttering Curious . . . curious . . .

Sorry said Harry but whats curious

Mr. Ollivander fixed Harry with his pale stare.

I remember every wand Ive ever sold Mr. Potter. Every single wand. It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand gave another feather — just one other. It is very curious indeed that you should be destined for this wand when its brother — why its brother gave you that scar.

Harry swallowed.

Yes thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Curious indeed how these things happen. The wand chooses the wizard remember. . . . I think we must expect great things from you Mr. Potter. . . . After all He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things — terrible yes but great.

Harry shivered. He wasnt sure he liked Mr. Ollivander too much. He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his shop.

The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid made their way back down Diagon Alley back through the wall back through the Leaky Cauldron now empty. Harry didnt speak at all as they walked down the road; he didnt even notice how much people were gawking at them on the Underground laden as they were with all their funny-shaped packages with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harrys lap. Up another escalator out into Paddington station; Harry only realized where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.

Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves he said.

He bought Harry a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat them. Harry kept looking around. Everything looked so strange somehow.

You all right Harry Yer very quiet said Hagrid.

Harry wasnt sure he could explain. Hed just had the best birthday of his life — and yet — he chewed his hamburger trying to find the words.

Everyone thinks Im special he said at last. All those people in the Leaky Cauldron Professor Quirrell Mr. Ollivander . . . but I dont know anything about magic at all. How can they expect great things Im famous and I cant even remember what Im famous for. I dont know what happened when Vol- sorry — I mean the night my parents died.

Hagrid leaned across the table. Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile.

Don you worry Harry. Youll learn fast enough. Everyone starts at the beginning at Hogwarts youll be just fine. Just be yerself. I know its hard. Yehve been singled out an thats always hard. But yehll have a great time at Hogwarts — I did — still do smatter of fact.

Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take him back to the Dursleys then handed him an envelope.

Yer ticket fer Hogwarts he said. First o September — Kings Cross — its all on yer ticket. Any problems with the Dursleys send me a letter with yer owl shell know where to find me. . . . See yeh soon Harry.

The train pulled out of the station. Harry wanted to watch Hagrid until he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against the window but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.




