




NICOLAS FLAMEL




Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the Invisibility Cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk. Harry wished he could forget what hed seen in the mirror as easily but he couldnt. He started having nightmares. Over and over again he dreamed about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light while a high voice cackled with laughter.

You see Dumbledore was right that mirror could drive you mad said Ron when Harry told him about these dreams.

Hermione who came back the day before term started took a different view of things. She was torn between horror at the idea of Harry being out of bed roaming the school three nights in a row (If Filch had caught you) and disappointment that he hadnt at least found out who Nicolas Flamel was.

They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a library book even though Harry was still sure hed read the name somewhere. Once term had started they were back to skimming through books for ten minutes during their breaks. Harry had even less time than the other two because Quidditch practice had started again.

Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even the endless rain that had replaced the snow couldnt dampen his spirits. The Weasleys complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic but Harry was on Woods side. If they won their next match against Hufflepuff they would overtake Slytherin in the House Championship for the first time in seven years. Quite apart from wanting to win Harry found that he had fewer nightmares when he was tired out after training.

Then during one particularly wet and muddy practice session Wood gave the team a bit of bad news. Hed just gotten very angry with the Weasleys who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off their brooms.

Will you stop messing around he yelled. Thats exactly the sort of thing thatll lose us the match Snapes refereeing this time and hell be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor

George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.

Snapes refereeing he spluttered through a mouthful of mud. Whens he ever refereed a Quidditch match Hes not going to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin.

The rest of the team landed next to George to complain too.

Its not my fault said Wood. Weve just got to make sure we play a clean game so Snape hasnt got an excuse to pick on us.

Which was all very well thought Harry but he had another reason for not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch. . . .

The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the end of practice but Harry headed straight back to the Gryffindor common room where he found Ron and Hermione playing chess. Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at something Harry and Ron thought was very good for her.

Dont talk to me for a moment said Ron when Harry sat down next to him I need to concen — He caught sight of Harrys face. Whats the matter with you You look terrible.

Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear Harry told the other two about Snapes sudden sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.

Dont play said Hermione at once.

Say youre ill said Ron.

Pretend to break your leg Hermione suggested.

Really break your leg said Ron.

I cant said Harry. There isnt a reserve Seeker. If I back out Gryffindor cant play at all.

At that moment Neville toppled into the common room. How he had managed to climb through the portrait hole was anyones guess because his legs had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the Leg-Locker Curse. He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor Tower.

Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione who leapt up and performed the countercurse. Nevilles legs sprang apart and he got to his feet trembling.

What happened Hermione asked him leading him over to sit with Harry and Ron.

Malfoy said Neville shakily. I met him outside the library. He said hed been looking for someone to practice that on.

Go to Professor McGonagall Hermione urged Neville. Report him

Neville shook his head.

I dont want more trouble he mumbled.

Youve got to stand up to him Neville said Ron. Hes used to walking all over people but thats no reason to lie down in front of him and make it easier.

Theres no need to tell me Im not brave enough to be in Gryffindor Malfoys already done that Neville choked out.

Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for Christmas. He gave it to Neville who looked as though he might cry.

Youre worth twelve of Malfoy Harry said. The Sorting Hat chose you for Gryffindor didnt it And wheres Malfoy In stinking Slytherin.

Nevilles lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.

Thanks Harry . . . I think Ill go to bed. . . . Dyou want the card you collect them dont you

As Neville walked away Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.

Dumbledore again he said He was the first one I ever —

He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at Ron and Hermione.

Ive found him he whispered. Ive found Flamel I told you Id read the name somewhere before I read it on the train coming here — listen to this: ‘Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the Dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945 for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragons blood and his work on alchemy with his partner Nicolas Flamel

Hermione jumped to her feet. She hadnt looked so excited since theyd gotten back the marks for their very first piece of homework.

Stay there she said and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls dormitories. Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back an enormous old book in her arms.

I never thought to look in here she whispered excitedly. I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.

Light said Ron but Hermione told him to be quiet until shed looked something up and started flicking frantically through the pages muttering to herself.

At last she found what she was looking for.

I knew it I knew it

Are we allowed to speak yet said Ron grumpily. Hermione ignored him.

Nicolas Flamel she whispered dramatically is the only known maker of the Sorcerers Stone

This didnt have quite the effect shed expected.

The what said Harry and Ron.

Oh honestly dont you two read Look — read that there.

She pushed the book toward them and Harry and Ron read:

The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerers Stone a legendary substance with astonishing powers. The Stone will transform any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life which will make the drinker immortal.

There have been many reports of the Sorcerers Stone over the centuries but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel who celebrated his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).





See said Hermione when Harry and Ron had finished. The dog must be guarding Flamels Sorcerers Stone I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it safe for him because theyre friends and he knew someone was after it thats why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts

A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying said Harry. No wonder Snapes after it Anyone would want it.

And no wonder we couldnt find Flamel in that Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry said Ron. Hes not exactly recent if hes six hundred and sixty-five is he

The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts while copying down different ways of treating werewolf bites Harry and Ron were still discussing what theyd do with a Sorcerers Stone if they had one. It wasnt until Ron said hed buy his own Quidditch team that Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match.

Im going to play he told Ron and Hermione. If I dont all the Slytherins will think Im just too scared to face Snape. Ill show them . . . itll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win.

Just as long as were not wiping you off the field said Hermione.

As the match drew nearer however Harry became more and more nervous whatever he told Ron and Hermione. The rest of the team wasnt too calm either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the House Championship was wonderful no one had done it for seven years but would they be allowed to with such a biased referee

Harry didnt know whether he was imagining it or not but he seemed to keep running into Snape wherever he went. At times he even wondered whether Snape was following him trying to catch him on his own. Potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture Snape was so horrible to Harry. Could Snape possibly know theyd found out about the Sorcerers Stone Harry didnt see how he could — yet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.

Harry knew when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the next afternoon that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether theyd ever see him alive again. This wasnt what youd call comforting. Harry hardly heard a word of Woods pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.

Ron and Hermione meanwhile had found a place in the stands next to Neville who couldnt understand why they looked so grim and worried or why they had both brought their wands to the match. Little did Harry know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker Curse. Theyd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.

Now dont forget its Locomotor Mortis Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.

I know Ron snapped. Dont nag.

Back in the locker room Wood had taken Harry aside.

Dont want to pressure you Potter but if we ever need an early capture of the Snitch its now. Finish the game before Snape can favor Hufflepuff too much.

The whole schools out there said Fred Weasley peering out of the door. Even — blimey — Dumbledores come to watch

Harrys heart did a somersault.

Dumbledore he said dashing to the door to make sure. Fred was right. There was no mistaking that silver beard.

Harry could have laughed out loud with relief. He was safe. There was simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was watching.

Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched onto the field something that Ron noticed too.

Ive never seen Snape look so mean he told Hermione. Look — theyre off. Ouch

Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head. It was Malfoy.

Oh sorry Weasley didnt see you there.

Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.

Wonder how long Potters going to stay on his broom this time Anyone want a bet What about you Weasley

Ron didnt answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him. Hermione who had all her fingers crossed in her lap was squinting fixedly at Harry who was circling the game like a hawk looking for the Snitch.

You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. Its people they feel sorry for. See theres Potter whos got no parents then theres the Weasleys whove got no money — you should be on the team Longbottom youve got no brains.

Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.

Im worth twelve of you Malfoy he stammered.

Malfoy Crabbe and Goyle howled with laughter but Ron still not daring to take his eyes from the game said You tell him Neville.

Longbottom if brains were gold youd be poorer than Weasley and thats saying something.

Rons nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.

Im warning you Malfoy — one more word —

Ron said Hermione suddenly Harry — 

What Where

Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive which drew gasps and cheers from the crowd. Hermione stood up her crossed fingers in her mouth as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.

Youre in luck Weasley Potters obviously spotted some money on the ground said Malfoy.

Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening Ron was on top of him wrestling him to the ground. Neville hesitated then clambered over the back of his seat to help.

Come on Harry Hermione screamed leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didnt even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville Crabbe and Goyle.

Up in the air Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him missing him by inches — the next second Harry had pulled out of the dive his arm raised in triumph the Snitch clasped in his hand.

The stands erupted; it had to be a record no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.

Ron Ron Where are you The games over Harrys won Weve won Gryffindor is in the lead shrieked Hermione dancing up and down on her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.

Harry jumped off his broom a foot from the ground. He couldnt believe it. Hed done it — the game was over; it had barely lasted five minutes. As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field he saw Snape land nearby white-faced and tight-lipped — then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Dumbledores smiling face.

Well done said Dumbledore quietly so that only Harry could hear. Nice to see you havent been brooding about that mirror . . . been keeping busy . . . excellent . . .

Snape spat bitterly on the ground.

Harry left the locker room alone some time later to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed. He couldnt ever remember feeling happier. Hed really done something to be proud of now — no one could say he was just a famous name any more. The evening air had never smelled so sweet. He walked over the damp grass reliving the last hour in his head which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance jumping up and down Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.

Harry had reached the shed. He leaned against the wooden door and looked up at Hogwarts with its windows glowing red in the setting sun. Gryffindor in the lead. Hed done it hed shown Snape. . . .

And speaking of Snape . . .

A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. Clearly not wanting to be seen it walked as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest. Harrys victory faded from his mind as he watched. He recognized the figures prowling walk. Snape sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at dinner — what was going on

Harry jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off. Gliding silently over the castle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run. He followed.

The trees were so thick he couldnt see where Snape had gone. He flew in circles lower and lower brushing the top branches of trees until he heard voices. He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.

He climbed carefully along one of the branches holding tight to his broomstick trying to see through the leaves.

Below in a shadowy clearing stood Snape but he wasnt alone. Quirrell was there too. Harry couldnt make out the look on his face but he was stuttering worse than ever. Harry strained to catch what they were saying.

. . . d-dont know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places Severus . . .

Oh I thought wed keep this private said Snape his voice icy. Students arent supposed to know about the Sorcerers Stone after all.

Harry leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling something. Snape interrupted him.

Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrids yet

B-b-but Severus I —

You dont want me as your enemy Quirrell said Snape taking a step toward him.

I-I dont know what you —

You know perfectly well what I mean.

An owl hooted loudly and Harry nearly fell out of the tree. He steadied himself in time to hear Snape say — your little bit of hocus-pocus. Im waiting.

B-but I d-d-dont —

Very well Snape cut in. Well have another little chat soon when youve had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties lie.

He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing. It was almost dark now but Harry could see Quirrell standing quite still as though he was petrified.

Harry where have you been Hermione squeaked.

We won You won We won shouted Ron thumping Harry on the back. And I gave Malfoy a black eye and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle single-handed Hes still out cold but Madam Pomfrey says hell be all right — talk about showing Slytherin Everyones waiting for you in the common room were having a party Fred and George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens.

Never mind that now said Harry breathlessly. Lets find an empty room you wait til you hear this. . . .

He made sure Peeves wasnt inside before shutting the door behind them then he told them what hed seen and heard.

So we were right it is the Sorcerers Stone and Snapes trying to force Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy — and he said something about Quirrells ‘hocus-pocus— I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy loads of enchantments probably and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through —

So you mean the Stones only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape said Hermione in alarm.

Itll be gone by next Tuesday said Ron.




