




THE SLUG CLUB




Harry spent a lot of the last week of the holidays pondering the meaning of Malfoys behavior in Knockturn Alley. What disturbed him most was the satisfied look on Malfoys face as he had left the shop. Nothing that made Malfoy look that happy could be good news. To his slight annoyance however neither Ron nor Hermione seemed quite as curious about Malfoys activities as he was; or at least they seemed to get bored of discussing it after a few days.

Yes Ive already agreed it was fishy Harry said Hermione a little impatiently. She was sitting on the windowsill in Fred and Georges room with her feet up on one of the cardboard boxes and had only grudgingly looked up from her new copy of Advanced Rune Translation. But havent we agreed there could be a lot of explanations

Maybe hes broken his Hand of Glory said Ron vaguely as he attempted to straighten his broomsticks bent tail twigs. Remember that shriveled-up arm Malfoy had

But what about when he said ‘Dont forget to keep that one safe asked Harry for the umpteenth time. That sounded to me like Borgins got another one of the broken objects and Malfoy wants both.

You reckon said Ron now trying to scrape some dirt off his broom handle.

Yeah I do said Harry. When neither Ron nor Hermione answered he said Malfoys fathers in Azkaban. Dont you think Malfoyd like revenge

Ron looked up blinking.

Malfoy revenge What can he do about it

Thats my point I dont know said Harry frustrated. But hes up to something and I think we should take it seriously. His fathers a Death Eater and —

Harry broke off his eyes fixed on the window behind Hermione his mouth open. A startling thought had just occurred to him.

Harry said Hermione in an anxious voice. Whats wrong

Your scars not hurting again is it asked Ron nervously.

Hes a Death Eater said Harry slowly. Hes replaced his father as a Death Eater

There was a silence; then Ron erupted in laughter. Malfoy Hes sixteen Harry You think You-Know-Who would let Malfoy join

It seems very unlikely Harry said Hermione in a repressive sort of voice. What makes you think — 

In Madam Malkins. She didnt touch him but he yelled and jerked his arm away from her when she went to roll up his sleeve. It was his left arm. Hes been branded with the Dark Mark.

Ron and Hermione looked at each other.

Well . . . said Ron sounding thoroughly unconvinced.

I think he just wanted to get out of there Harry said Hermione.

He showed Borgin something we couldnt see Harry pressed on stubbornly. Something that seriously scared Borgin. It was the Mark I know it — he was showing Borgin who he was dealing with you saw how seriously Borgin took him

Ron and Hermione exchanged another look.

Im not sure Harry. . . .

Yeah I still dont reckon You-Know-Who would let Malfoy join. . . .

Annoyed but absolutely convinced he was right Harry snatched up a pile of filthy Quidditch robes and left the room; Mrs. Weasley had been urging them for days not to leave their washing and packing until the last moment. On the landing he bumped into Ginny who was returning to her room carrying a pile of freshly laundered clothes.

I wouldnt go in the kitchen just now she warned him. Theres a lot of Phlegm around.

Ill be careful not to slip in it. Harry smiled.

Sure enough when he entered the kitchen it was to find Fleur sitting at the kitchen table in full flow about plans for her wedding to Bill while Mrs. Weasley kept watch over a pile of self-peeling sprouts looking bad-tempered.

. . . Bill and I ave almost decided on only two bridesmaids Ginny and Gabrielle will look very sweet togezzer. I am theenking of dressing zem in pale gold — pink would of course be orrible with Ginnys air —

Ah Harry said Mrs. Weasley loudly cutting across Fleurs monologue. Good I wanted to explain about the security arrangements for the journey to Hogwarts tomorrow. Weve got Ministry cars again and there will be Aurors waiting at the station —

Is Tonks going to be there asked Harry handing over his Quidditch things.

No I dont think so shes been stationed somewhere else from what Arthur said.

She has let erself go zat Tonks Fleur mused examining her own stunning reflection in the back of a teaspoon. A big mistake if you ask —

Yes thank you said Mrs. Weasley tartly cutting across Fleur again. Youd better get on Harry I want the trunks ready tonight if possible so we dont have the usual last-minute scramble.

And in fact their departure the following morning was smoother than usual. The Ministry cars glided up to the front of the Burrow to find them waiting trunks packed; Hermiones cat Crookshanks safely enclosed in his traveling basket; and Hedwig; Rons owl Pigwidgeon; and Ginnys new purple Pygmy Puff Arnold in cages.

Au revoir Arry said Fleur throatily kissing him good-bye. Ron hurried forward looking hopeful but Ginny stuck out her foot and Ron fell sprawling in the dust at Fleurs feet. Furious red-faced and dirt-spattered he hurried into the car without saying good-bye.

There was no cheerful Hagrid waiting for them at Kings Cross Station. Instead two grim-faced bearded Aurors in dark Muggle suits moved forward the moment the cars stopped and flanking the party marched them into the station without speaking.

Quick quick through the barrier said Mrs. Weasley who seemed a little flustered by this austere efficiency. Harry had better go first with —

She looked inquiringly at one of the Aurors who nodded briefly seized Harrys upper arm and attempted to steer him toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten.

I can walk thanks said Harry irritably jerking his arm out of the Aurors grip. He pushed his trolley directly at the solid barrier ignoring his silent companion and found himself a second later standing on platform nine and three-quarters where the scarlet Hogwarts Express stood belching steam over the crowd.

Hermione and the Weasleys joined him within seconds. Without waiting to consult his grim-faced Auror Harry motioned to Ron and Hermione to follow him up the platform looking for an empty compartment.

We cant Harry said Hermione looking apologetic. Ron and Ive got to go to the prefects carriage first and then patrol the corridors for a bit.

Oh yeah I forgot said Harry.

Youd better get straight on the train all of you youve only got a few minutes to go said Mrs. Weasley consulting her watch. Well have a lovely term Ron. . . .

Mr. Weasley can I have a quick word said Harry making up his mind on the spur of the moment.

Of course said Mr. Weasley who looked slightly surprised but followed Harry out of earshot of the others nevertheless.

Harry had thought it through carefully and come to the conclusion that if he was to tell anyone Mr. Weasley was the right person; firstly because he worked at the Ministry and was therefore in the best position to make further investigations and secondly because he thought that there was not too much risk of Mr. Weasley exploding with anger.

He could see Mrs. Weasley and the grim-faced Auror casting the pair of them suspicious looks as they moved away.

When we were in Diagon Alley Harry began but Mr. Weasley forestalled him with a grimace.

Am I about to discover where you Ron and Hermione disappeared to while you were supposed to be in the back room of Fred and Georges shop

How did you — 

Harry please. Youre talking to the man who raised Fred and George.

Er . . . yeah all right we werent in the back room.

Very well then lets hear the worst.

Well we followed Draco Malfoy. We used my Invisibility Cloak.

Did you have any particular reason for doing so or was it a mere whim

Because I thought Malfoy was up to something said Harry disregarding Mr. Weasleys look of mingled exasperation and amusement. Hed given his mother the slip and I wanted to know why.

Of course you did said Mr. Weasley sounding resigned. Well Did you find out why

He went into Borgin and Burkes said Harry and started bullying the bloke in there Borgin to help him fix something. And he said he wanted Borgin to keep something else for him. He made it sound like it was the same kind of thing that needed fixing. Like they were a pair. And . . .

Harry took a deep breath.

Theres something else. We saw Malfoy jump about a mile when Madam Malkin tried to touch his left arm. I think hes been branded with the Dark Mark. I think hes replaced his father as a Death Eater.

Mr. Weasley looked taken aback. After a moment he said Harry I doubt whether You-Know-Who would allow a sixteen-year-old —

Does anyone really know what You-Know-Who would or wouldnt do asked Harry angrily. Mr. Weasley Im sorry but isnt it worth investigating If Malfoy wants something fixing and he needs to threaten Borgin to get it done its probably something Dark or dangerous isnt it

I doubt it to be honest Harry said Mr. Weasley slowly. You see when Lucius Malfoy was arrested we raided his house. We took away everything that might have been dangerous.

I think you missed something said Harry stubbornly.

Well maybe said Mr. Weasley but Harry could tell that Mr. Weasley was humoring him.

There was a whistle behind them; nearly everyone had boarded the train and the doors were closing.

Youd better hurry said Mr. Weasley as Mrs. Weasley cried Harry quickly

He hurried forward and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley helped him load his trunk onto the train.

Now dear youre coming to us for Christmas its all fixed with Dumbledore so well see you quite soon said Mrs. Weasley through the window as Harry slammed the door shut behind him and the train began to move. You make sure you look after yourself and —

The train was gathering speed.

— be good and —

She was jogging to keep up now.

— stay safe

Harry waved until the train had turned a corner and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were lost to view then turned to see where the others had got to. He supposed Ron and Hermione were cloistered in the prefects carriage but Ginny was a little way along the corridor chatting to some friends. He made his way toward her dragging his trunk.

People stared shamelessly as he approached. They even pressed their faces against the windows of their compartments to get a look at him. He had expected an upswing in the amount of gaping and gawping he would have to endure this term after all the Chosen One rumors in the Daily Prophet but he did not enjoy the sensation of standing in a very bright spotlight. He tapped Ginny on the shoulder.

Fancy trying to find a compartment

I cant Harry I said Id meet Dean said Ginny brightly. See you later.

Right said Harry. He felt a strange twinge of annoyance as she walked away her long red hair dancing behind her; he had become so used to her presence over the summer that he had almost forgotten that Ginny did not hang around with him Ron and Hermione while at school. Then he blinked and looked around: He was surrounded by mesmerized girls.

Hi Harry said a familiar voice from behind him.

Neville said Harry in relief turning to see a round-faced boy struggling toward him.

Hello Harry said a girl with long hair and large misty eyes who was just behind Neville.

Luna hi how are you

Very well thank you said Luna. She was clutching a magazine to her chest; large letters on the front announced that there was a pair of free Spectrespecs inside.

Quibbler still going strong then asked Harry who felt a certain fondness for the magazine having given it an exclusive interview the previous year.

Oh yes circulations well up said Luna happily.

Lets find seats said Harry and the three of them set off along the train through hordes of silently staring students. At last they found an empty compartment and Harry hurried inside gratefully.

Theyre even staring at us said Neville indicating himself and Luna. Because were with you

Theyre staring at you because you were at the Ministry too said Harry as he hoisted his trunk into the luggage rack. Our little adventure there was all over the Daily Prophet you mustve seen it.

Yes I thought Gran would be angry about all the publicity said Neville but she was really pleased. Says Im starting to live up to my dad at long last. She bought me a new wand look

He pulled it out and showed it to Harry.

Cherry and unicorn hair he said proudly. We think it was one of the last Ollivander ever sold he vanished next day — oi come back here Trevor

And he dived under the seat to retrieve his toad as it made one of its frequent bids for freedom.

Are we still doing D.A. meetings this year Harry asked Luna who was detaching a pair of psychedelic spectacles from the middle of The Quibbler.

No point now weve got rid of Umbridge is there said Harry sitting down. Neville bumped his head against the seat as he emerged from under it. He looked most disappointed.

I liked the D.A. I learned loads with you

I enjoyed the meetings too said Luna serenely. It was like having friends.

This was one of those uncomfortable things Luna often said and which made Harry feel a squirming mixture of pity and embarrassment. Before he could respond however there was a disturbance outside their compartment door; a group of fourth-year girls was whispering and giggling together on the other side of the glass.

You ask him

No you

Ill do it

And one of them a bold-looking girl with large dark eyes a prominent chin and long black hair pushed her way through the door.

Hi Harry Im Romilda Romilda Vane she said loudly and confidently. Why dont you join us in our compartment You dont have to sit with them she added in a stage whisper indicating Nevilles bottom which was sticking out from under the seat again as he groped around for Trevor and Luna who was now wearing her free Spectrespecs which gave her the look of a demented multicolored owl.

Theyre friends of mine said Harry coldly.

Oh said the girl looking very surprised. Oh. Okay.

And she withdrew sliding the door closed behind her.

People expect you to have cooler friends than us said Luna once again displaying her knack for embarrassing honesty.

You are cool said Harry shortly. None of them was at the Ministry. They didnt fight with me.

Thats a very nice thing to say beamed Luna. Then she pushed her Spectrespecs farther up her nose and settled down to read The Quibbler.

We didnt face him though said Neville emerging from under the seat with fluff and dust in his hair and a resigned-looking Trevor in his hand. You did. You should hear my gran talk about you. ‘That Harry Potters got more backbone than the whole Ministry of Magic put together Shed give anything to have you as a grandson. . . .

Harry laughed uncomfortably and changed the subject to O.W.L. results as soon as he could. While Neville recited his grades and wondered aloud whether he would be allowed to take a Transfiguration N.E.W.T. with only an Acceptable Harry watched him without really listening.

Nevilles childhood had been blighted by Voldemort just as much as Harrys had but Neville had no idea how close he had come to having Harrys destiny. The prophecy could have referred to either of them yet for his own inscrutable reasons Voldemort had chosen to believe that Harry was the one meant.

Had Voldemort chosen Neville it would be Neville sitting opposite Harry bearing the lightning-shaped scar and the weight of the prophecy. . . . Or would it Would Nevilles mother have died to save him as Lily had died for Harry Surely she would. . . . But what if she had been unable to stand between her son and Voldemort Would there then have been no Chosen One at all An empty seat where Neville now sat and a scarless Harry who would have been kissed good-bye by his own mother not Rons

You all right Harry You look funny said Neville.

Harry started. Sorry — I —

Wrackspurt got you asked Luna sympathetically peering at Harry through her enormous colored spectacles.

I — what

A Wrackspurt . . . Theyre invisible. They float in through your ears and make your brain go fuzzy she said. I thought I felt one zooming around in here.

She flapped her hands at thin air as though beating off large invisible moths. Harry and Neville caught each others eyes and hastily began to talk of Quidditch.

The weather beyond the train windows was as patchy as it had been all summer; they passed through stretches of the chilling mist then out into weak clear sunlight. It was during one of the clear spells when the sun was visible almost directly overhead that Ron and Hermione entered the compartment at last.

Wish the lunch trolley would hurry up Im starving said Ron longingly slumping into the seat beside Harry and rubbing his stomach. Hi Neville. Hi Luna. Guess what he added turning to Harry. Malfoys not doing prefect duty. Hes just sitting in his compartment with the other Slytherins we saw him when we passed.

Harry sat up straight interested. It was not like Malfoy to pass up the chance to demonstrate his power as prefect which he had happily abused all the previous year.

What did he do when he saw you

The usual said Ron indifferently demonstrating a rude hand gesture. Not like him though is it Well — that is — he did the hand gesture again — but why isnt he out there bullying first years

Dunno said Harry but his mind was racing. Didnt this look as though Malfoy had more important things on his mind than bullying younger students

Maybe he preferred the Inquisitorial Squad said Hermione. Maybe being a prefect seems a bit tame after that.

I dont think so said Harry. I think hes —

But before he could expound on his theory the compartment door slid open again and a breathless third-year girl stepped inside.

Im supposed to deliver these to Neville Longbottom and Harry P-Potter she faltered as her eyes met Harrys and she turned scarlet. She was holding out two scrolls of parchment tied with violet ribbon. Perplexed Harry and Neville took the scroll addressed to each of them and the girl stumbled back out of the compartment.

What is it Ron demanded as Harry unrolled his.

An invitation said Harry.

Harry

I would be delighted if you would join me for a bite of lunch in compartment C.

Sincerely

Professor H.E.F. Slughorn





Whos Professor Slughorn asked Neville looking perplexedly at his own invitation.

New teacher said Harry. Well I suppose well have to go wont we

But what does he want me for asked Neville nervously as though he was expecting detention.

No idea said Harry which was not entirely true though he had no proof yet that his hunch was correct. Listen he added seized by a sudden brain wave lets go under the Invisibility Cloak then we might get a good look at Malfoy on the way see what hes up to.

This idea however came to nothing: The corridors which were packed with people on the lookout for the lunch trolley were impossible to negotiate while wearing the Cloak. Harry stowed it regretfully back in his bag reflecting that it would have been nice to wear it just to avoid all the staring which seemed to have increased in intensity even since he had last walked down the train. Every now and then students would hurtle out of their compartments to get a better look at him. The exception was Cho Chang who darted into her compartment when she saw Harry coming. As Harry passed the window he saw her deep in determined conversation with her friend Marietta who was wearing a very thick layer of makeup that did not entirely obscure the odd formation of pimples still etched across her face. Smirking slightly Harry pushed on.

When they reached compartment C they saw at once that they were not Slughorns only invitees although judging by the enthusiasm of Slughorns welcome Harry was the most warmly anticipated.

Harry mboy said Slughorn jumping up at the sight of him so that his great velvet-covered belly seemed to fill all the remaining space in the compartment. His shiny bald head and great silvery mustache gleamed as brightly in the sunlight as the golden buttons on his waistcoat. Good to see you good to see you And you must be Mr. Longbottom

Neville nodded looking scared. At a gesture from Slughorn they sat down opposite each other in the only two empty seats which were nearest the door. Harry glanced around at their fellow guests. He recognized a Slytherin from their year a tall black boy with high cheekbones and long slanting eyes; there were also two seventh-year boys Harry did not know and squashed in the corner beside Slughorn and looking as though she was not entirely sure how she had got there Ginny.

Now do you know everyone Slughorn asked Harry and Neville. Blaise Zabini is in your year of course —

Zabini did not make any sign of recognition or greeting nor did Harry or Neville: Gryffindor and Slytherin students loathed each other on principle.

This is Cormac McLaggen perhaps youve come across each other —  No

McLaggen a large wiry-haired youth raised a hand and Harry and Neville nodded back at him.

— and this is Marcus Belby I dont know whether — 

Belby who was thin and nervous-looking gave a strained smile.

— and this charming young lady tells me she knows you Slughorn finished.

Ginny grimaced at Harry and Neville from behind Slughorns back.

Well now this is most pleasant said Slughorn cozily. A chance to get to know you all a little better. Here take a napkin. Ive packed my own lunch; the trolley as I remember it is heavy on licorice wands and a poor old mans digestive system isnt quite up to such things. . . . Pheasant Belby

Belby started and accepted what looked like half a cold pheasant.

I was just telling young Marcus here that I had the pleasure of teaching his Uncle Damocles Slughorn told Harry and Neville now passing around a basket of rolls. Outstanding wizard outstanding and his Order of Merlin most well-deserved. Do you see much of your uncle Marcus

Unfortunately Belby had just taken a large mouthful of pheasant; in his haste to answer Slughorn he swallowed too fast turned purple and began to choke.

Anapneo said Slughorn calmly pointing his wand at Belby whose airway seemed to clear at once.

Not . . . not much of him no gasped Belby his eyes streaming.

Well of course I daresay hes busy said Slughorn looking questioningly at Belby. I doubt he invented the Wolfsbane Potion without considerable hard work

I suppose . . . said Belby who seemed afraid to take another bite of pheasant until he was sure that Slughorn had finished with him. Er . . . he and my dad dont get on very well you see so I dont really know much about . . .

His voice tailed away as Slughorn gave him a cold smile and turned to McLaggen instead.

Now you Cormac said Slughorn I happen to know you see a lot of your Uncle Tiberius because he has a rather splendid picture of the two of you hunting nogtails in I think Norfolk

Oh yeah that was fun that was said McLaggen. We went with Bertie Higgs and Rufus Scrimgeour — this was before he became Minister obviously —

Ah you know Bertie and Rufus too beamed Slughorn now offering around a small tray of pies; somehow Belby was missed out. Now tell me . . .

It was as Harry had suspected. Everyone here seemed to have been invited because they were connected to somebody well-known or influential — everyone except Ginny. Zabini who was interrogated after McLaggen turned out to have a famously beautiful witch for a mother (from what Harry could make out she had been married seven times each of her husbands dying mysteriously and leaving her mounds of gold). It was Nevilles turn next: This was a very uncomfortable ten minutes for Nevilles parents well-known Aurors had been tortured into insanity by Bellatrix Lestrange and a couple of Death Eater cronies. At the end of Nevilles interview Harry had the impression that Slughorn was reserving judgment on Neville yet to see whether he had any of his parents flair.

And now said Slughorn shifting massively in his seat with the air of a compere introducing his star act. Harry Potter Where to begin I feel I barely scratched the surface when we met over the summer He contemplated Harry for a moment as though he was a particularly large and succulent piece of pheasant then said ‘The Chosen One theyre calling you now

Harry said nothing. Belby McLaggen and Zabini were all staring at him.

Of course said Slughorn watching Harry closely there have been rumors for years. . . . I remember when — well — after that terrible night — Lily — James — and you survived — and the word was that you must have powers beyond the ordinary —

Zabini gave a tiny little cough that was clearly supposed to indicate amused skepticism. An angry voice burst out from behind Slughorn.

Yeah Zabini because youre so talented . . . at posing. . . .

Oh dear chuckled Slughorn comfortably looking around at Ginny who was glaring at Zabini around Slughorns great belly. You want to be careful Blaise I saw this young lady perform the most marvelous Bat-Bogey Hex as I was passing her carriage I wouldnt cross her

Zabini merely looked contemptuous.

Anyway said Slughorn turning back to Harry. Such rumors this summer. Of course one doesnt know what to believe the Prophet has been known to print inaccuracies make mistakes — but there seems little doubt given the number of witnesses that there was quite a disturbance at the Ministry and that you were there in the thick of it all

Harry who could not see any way out of this without flatly lying nodded but still said nothing. Slughorn beamed at him.

So modest so modest no wonder Dumbledore is so fond — you were there then But the rest of the stories — so sensational of course one doesnt know quite what to believe — this fabled prophecy for instance —

We never heard a prophecy said Neville turning geranium pink as he said it.

Thats right said Ginny staunchly. Neville and I were both there too and all this ‘Chosen One rubbish is just the Prophet making things up as usual.

You were both there too were you said Slughorn with great interest looking from Ginny to Neville but both of them sat clamlike before his encouraging smile.

Yes . . . well . . . it is true that the Prophet often exaggerates of course. . . . Slughorn said sounding a little disappointed. I remember dear Gwenog telling me (Gwenog Jones I mean of course Captain of the Holyhead Harpies) —

He meandered off into a long-winded reminiscence but Harry had the distinct impression that Slughorn had not finished with him and that he had not been convinced by Neville and Ginny.

The afternoon wore on with more anecdotes about illustrious wizards Slughorn had taught all of whom had been delighted to join what he called the Slug Club at Hogwarts. Harry could not wait to leave but couldnt see how to do so politely. Finally the train emerged from yet another long misty stretch into a red sunset and Slughorn looked around blinking in the twilight.

Good gracious its getting dark already I didnt notice that theyd lit the lamps Youd better go and change into your robes all of you. McLaggen you must drop by and borrow that book on nogtails. Harry Blaise — any time youre passing. Same goes for you miss he twinkled at Ginny. Well off you go off you go

As he pushed past Harry into the darkening corridor Zabini shot him a filthy look that Harry returned with interest. He Ginny and Neville followed Zabini back along the train.

Im glad thats over muttered Neville. Strange man isnt he

Yeah he is a bit said Harry his eyes on Zabini. How come you ended up in there Ginny

He saw me hex Zacharias Smith said Ginny. You remember that idiot from Hufflepuff who was in the D.A. He kept on and on asking about what happened at the Ministry and in the end he annoyed me so much I hexed him — when Slughorn came in I thought I was going to get detention but he just thought it was a really good hex and invited me to lunch Mad eh

Better reason for inviting someone than because their mothers famous said Harry scowling at the back of Zabinis head or because their uncle —

But he broke off. An idea had just occurred to him a reckless but potentially wonderful idea. . . . In a minutes time Zabini was going to reenter the Slytherin sixth-year compartment and Malfoy would be sitting there thinking himself unheard by anybody except fellow Slytherins. . . . If Harry could only enter unseen behind him what might he not see or hear True there was little of the journey left — Hogsmeade Station had to be less than half an hour away judging by the wildness of the scenery flashing by the windows — but nobody else seemed prepared to take Harrys suspicions seriously so it was down to him to prove them.

Ill see you two later said Harry under his breath pulling out his Invisibility Cloak and flinging it over himself.

But whatre you —  asked Neville.

Later whispered Harry darting after Zabini as quietly as possible though the rattling of the train made such caution almost pointless.

The corridors were almost completely empty now. Nearly everyone had returned to their carriages to change into their school robes and pack up their possessions. Though he was as close as he could get to Zabini without touching him Harry was not quick enough to slip into the compartment when Zabini opened the door. Zabini was already sliding it shut when Harry hastily stuck out his foot to prevent it closing.

Whats wrong with this thing said Zabini angrily as he smashed the sliding door repeatedly into Harrys foot.

Harry seized the door and pushed it open hard; Zabini still clinging on to the handle toppled over sideways into Gregory Goyles lap and in the ensuing ruckus Harry darted into the compartment leapt onto Zabinis temporarily empty seat and hoisted himself up into the luggage rack. It was fortunate that Goyle and Zabini were snarling at each other drawing all eyes onto them for Harry was quite sure his feet and ankles had been revealed as the Cloak had flapped around them; indeed for one horrible moment he thought he saw Malfoys eyes follow his trainer as it whipped upward out of sight. But then Goyle slammed the door shut and flung Zabini off him; Zabini collapsed into his own seat looking ruffled Vincent Crabbe returned to his comic and Malfoy sniggering lay back down across two seats with his head in Pansy Parkinsons lap. Harry lay curled uncomfortably under the Cloak to ensure that every inch of him remained hidden and watched Pansy stroke the sleek blond hair off Malfoys forehead smirking as she did so as though anyone would have loved to have been in her place. The lanterns swinging from the carriage ceiling cast a bright light over the scene: Harry could read every word of Crabbes comic directly below him.

So Zabini said Malfoy what did Slughorn want

Just trying to make up to well-connected people said Zabini who was still glowering at Goyle. Not that he managed to find many.

This information did not seem to please Malfoy.

Who else had he invited he demanded.

McLaggen from Gryffindor said Zabini.

Oh yeah his uncles big in the Ministry said Malfoy.

— someone else called Belby from Ravenclaw —

Not him hes a prat said Pansy.

— and Longbottom Potter and that Weasley girl finished Zabini.

Malfoy sat up very suddenly knocking Pansys hand aside.

He invited Longbottom

Well I assume so as Longbottom was there said Zabini indifferently.

Whats Longbottom got to interest Slughorn

Zabini shrugged.

Potter precious Potter obviously he wanted a look at ‘the Chosen One sneered Malfoy but that Weasley girl Whats so special about her

A lot of boys like her said Pansy watching Malfoy out of the corner of her eyes for his reaction. Even you think shes good-looking dont you Blaise and we all know how hard you are to please

I wouldnt touch a filthy little blood traitor like her whatever she looked like said Zabini coldly and Pansy looked pleased. Malfoy sank back across her lap and allowed her to resume the stroking of his hair.

Well I pity Slughorns taste. Maybe hes going a bit senile. Shame my father always said he was a good wizard in his day. My father used to be a bit of a favorite of his. Slughorn probably hasnt heard Im on the train or —

I wouldnt bank on an invitation said Zabini. He asked me about Notts father when I first arrived. They used to be old friends apparently but when he heard hed been caught at the Ministry he didnt look happy and Nott didnt get an invitation did he I dont think Slughorns interested in Death Eaters.

Malfoy looked angry but forced out a singularly humorless laugh.

Well who cares what hes interested in What is he when you come down to it Just some stupid teacher. Malfoy yawned ostentatiously. I mean I might not even be at Hogwarts next year whats it matter to me if some fat old has-been likes me or not

What do you mean you might not be at Hogwarts next year said Pansy indignantly ceasing grooming Malfoy at once.

Well you never know said Malfoy with the ghost of a smirk. I might have — er — moved on to bigger and better things.

Crouched in the luggage rack under his Cloak Harrys heart began to race. What would Ron and Hermione say about this Crabbe and Goyle were gawping at Malfoy; apparently they had had no inkling of any plans to move on to bigger and better things. Even Zabini had allowed a look of curiosity to mar his haughty features. Pansy resumed the slow stroking of Malfoys hair looking dumbfounded.

Do you mean — Him

Malfoy shrugged.

Mother wants me to complete my education but personally I dont see it as that important these days. I mean think about it. . . . When the Dark Lord takes over is he going to care how many O.W.L.s or N.E.W.T.s anyones got Of course he isnt. . . . Itll be all about the kind of service he received the level of devotion he was shown.

And you think youll be able to do something for him asked Zabini scathingly. Sixteen years old and not even fully qualified yet

Ive just said havent I Maybe he doesnt care if Im qualified. Maybe the job he wants me to do isnt something that you need to be qualified for said Malfoy quietly.

Crabbe and Goyle were both sitting with their mouths open like gargoyles. Pansy was gazing down at Malfoy as though she had never seen anything so awe-inspiring.

I can see Hogwarts said Malfoy clearly relishing the effect he had created as he pointed out of the blackened window. Wed better get our robes on.

Harry was so busy staring at Malfoy he did not notice Goyle reaching up for his trunk; as he swung it down it hit Harry hard on the side of the head. He let out an involuntary gasp of pain and Malfoy looked up at the luggage rack frowning.

Harry was not afraid of Malfoy but he still did not much like the idea of being discovered hiding under his Invisibility Cloak by a group of unfriendly Slytherins. Eyes still watering and head still throbbing he drew his wand careful not to disarrange the Cloak and waited breath held. To his relief Malfoy seemed to decide that he had imagined the noise; he pulled on his robes like the others locked his trunk and as the train slowed to a jerky crawl fastened a thick new traveling cloak round his neck.

Harry could see the corridors filling up again and hoped that Hermione and Ron would take his things out onto the platform for him; he was stuck where he was until the compartment had quite emptied. At last with a final lurch the train came to a complete halt. Goyle threw the door open and muscled his way out into a crowd of second years punching them aside; Crabbe and Zabini followed.

You go on Malfoy told Pansy who was waiting for him with her hand held out as though hoping he would hold it. I just want to check something.

Pansy left. Now Harry and Malfoy were alone in the compartment. People were filing past descending onto the dark platform. Malfoy moved over to the compartment door and let down the blinds so that people in the corridor beyond could not peer in. He then bent down over his trunk and opened it again.

Harry peered down over the edge of the luggage rack his heart pumping a little faster. What had Malfoy wanted to hide from Pansy Was he about to see the mysterious broken object it was so important to mend

Petrificus Totalus

Without warning Malfoy pointed his wand at Harry who was instantly paralyzed. As though in slow motion he toppled out of the luggage rack and fell with an agonizing floor-shaking crash at Malfoys feet the Invisibility Cloak trapped beneath him his whole body revealed with his legs still curled absurdly into the cramped kneeling position. He couldnt move a muscle; he could only gaze up at Malfoy who smiled broadly.

I thought so he said jubilantly. I heard Goyles trunk hit you. And I thought I saw something white flash through the air after Zabini came back. . . .

His eyes lingered for a moment upon Harrys trainers.

You didnt hear anything I care about Potter. But while Ive got you here . . .

And he stamped hard on Harrys face. Harry felt his nose break; blood spurted everywhere.

Thats from my father. Now lets see. . . .

Malfoy dragged the Cloak out from under Harrys immobilized body and threw it over him.

I dont reckon theyll find you till the trains back in London he said quietly. See you around Potter . . . or not.

And taking care to tread on Harrys fingers Malfoy left the compartment.




